
--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
FORM 10-K
 
(Mark One)
☒  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022
 
or
 
☐  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the transition period from __________ to __________
 
Commission file number: 001-38249
 
LIVEONE, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 
Delaware
 
98-0657263
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
 
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
 
 
 
269 S. Beverly Dr., Suite #1450
Beverly Hills, California
 
90212
(Address of principal executive offices)
 
(Zip Code)
 
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (310) 601-2505
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 
Title of each class
 
Trading Symbol(s)
 
Name of each exchange on which
registered
Common stock, $0.001 par value per share  
LVO
 
The NASDAQ Capital Market
  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.  Yes ☐  No ☒
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes ☐ No ☒
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes ☒     No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒     No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
Large accelerated filer
☐
Accelerated filer
☐
 
Non-accelerated filer
☒
Smaller reporting company
☒
 
Emerging Growth Company
☐
 
 
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐  No ☒
  
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing
price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, was
approximately $195.0 million. For the sole purpose of making this calculation, the term “non-affiliate” has been interpreted to exclude
directors, executive officers, affiliated holders of 10% or more of the registrant’s common stock and their affiliates.
 
As of June 27, 2022 the registrant had 83,029,529 shares of common stock outstanding.
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Form 10-K”) incorporates by reference certain information from the
registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), which the registrant
intends to file pursuant to Regulation 14A with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the
registrant’s fiscal year end of March 31, 2022. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form
10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K.
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
    
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
PART I
 
Item 1.
Business
1
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
15
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
82
Item 2.
Properties
82
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
82
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
82
 
 
 
 
PART II
 
 
 
 
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities
83
Item 6.
[Reserved]
84
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
85
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
104
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
F-1
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
105
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
105
Item 9B.
Other Information
106
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
106
 
 
 
 
PART III
 
 
 
 
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
107
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
107
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
107
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
107
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
107
 
 
 
 
PART IV
 
 
 
 
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
108
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
110
 
Signatures
111
  
i

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
Use of Market and Industry Data
 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”) includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third
party sources, including industry publications, as well as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of
and experience in the industries in which we operate (including our management’s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries
based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge of such industries through its experience and participation in
these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources referred to in this Annual Report are reliable, neither we nor
our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the
underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, references in this Annual Report to any publications,
reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire
publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or article is not incorporated by reference
in this Annual Report.
 
Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to
change based on various factors, including those discussed in sections entitled “Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors”
and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report.
 
Trademarks, Service Marks and Trade Names
 
This Annual Report contains references to our trademarks, service marks and trade names and to trademarks, service marks
and trade names belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this
Annual Report, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references are
not intended to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights
thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, service marks or trademarks or any artists’ or other
individuals’ names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies or persons.
 
ii

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
PART I
 
Item 1. Business
 
Overview
 
LiveOne, Inc. (formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.) (the “Company,” “LiveOne”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) is a creator-first, music,
entertainment and technology platform focused on delivering premium experiences and content worldwide through memberships and
live and virtual events. We are a pioneer in the acquisition, distribution and monetization of live music events, Internet radio,
podcasting/vodcasting and music-related membership, streaming and video content. Through our comprehensive service offerings and
innovative content platform, we provide music fans the ability to listen, watch, attend, engage and transact. Serving a global audience,
our mission is to bring the experience of live music and entertainment to consumers wherever music and entertainment is watched,
listened to, discussed, deliberated or performed around the world. Our operating model is focused on a flywheel concept of integrated
services centered on servicing and monetizing superfans through multiple revenue streams and product/service offerings. At March 31,
2022, we operated five core integrated services: (1) one of the industry’s leading online live music streaming platforms (LiveOne), (2) a
fully integrated membership and advertising streaming music service Slacker, Inc. (“Slacker”) operating as LiveOne powered by
Slacker, (3) a leading podcasting platform operating as PodcastOne (“PodcastOne”), (4) producer of original music-related content,
including live music festivals, concerts and events through React Presents LLC (“React Presents”), and (5) a retailer of personalized
merchandise and gifts operating as Custom Personalization Solutions, Inc. (“CPS”). LiveOne is the first ‘live social music network,
delivering  premium live-streamed, digital audio and on-demand music experiences from the world’s top music festivals, concerts and
events, including having worked with Rock in Rio, Electronic Daisy Carnival (“EDC”) Las Vegas, iHeartRadio’s Wango Tango and
many more. LiveOne enhances the experience by granting audiences access to premium original content, artist exclusives and industry
interviews. Our LiveOne application offers users access to live events, audio streams with access to millions of songs and hundreds of
expert-curated radio platforms and stations, original episodic content, podcasts, vodcasts, video on demand, real-time livestreams, and
social sharing of content. In October 2021, we entered artist and brand development and music-related press relations business through
our acquisition of Gramophone. Today, our business is comprised of a single operating segment (hereon referred to as our
“operations”).
 
We generate revenue through the sale of membership-based services and advertising from our music offerings, from the
licensing, advertising and sponsorship of our live music and podcast content rights and services, from our expanding pay-per-view
offerings, from retail sales of merchandise and gifts and expect to generate revenue from ticket sales as live events return post-COVID
19 pandemic and other revenue streams.
 
Operations
 
We provide services through a dedicated over-the-top application powered by Slacker (“LiveOne App”) called LiveOne. Our
services are delivered through digital streaming transmissions over the Internet and/or through satellite transmissions and may be
accessed on users’ desk-top, tablets, mobile devices (iOS, Android), Roku, Apple TV, and Amazon Fire, and through over-the-top
(“OTT”), STIRR, and XUMO with more service platforms in discussions. Our users can also access our music platform from our
websites, including www.liveone.com and www.slacker.com. Our users may also access our podcasts on www.podcastone.com or our
PodcastOne app and acquire merchandise and gifts on www.personalizedplanet.com and www.limogesjewelry.com.
 
1

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
Historically, we acquired the rights to stream our live and recorded music and broadcasts from a combination of festival
owners and promoters, such as Anschutz Entertainment Group (“AEG”) and Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (“Live Nation”), music
labels, including Universal Music, Warner Music and Sony Music, and through individual music publishers and rights holders. In
March 2019, we entered into a multi-year agreement with iHeartMedia that combines content, production, distribution and promotion,
which was further extended in March 2020, giving us exclusive global livestreaming rights to over 20 of their events per year.
Beginning mid-March 2020, the current pandemic associated with COVID-19 temporarily shut down the production of all on-ground,
live music festivals and events, which resulted in the termination of our agreement with iHeartMedia. As a result, we pivoted our
production to 100% streaming, and began producing, curating, and broadcasting streaming music festivals, concerts and events across
our platform. In May 2020, we launched our first pay-per-view (“PPV”) performances across our platform, allowing artists and fans to
access a new digital compliment to live festivals, concerts and events.
 
The majority of our content acquisition agreements provide us the exclusive rights to produce, license, broadcast and
distribute live broadcast streams of these festivals and events throughout the world and across any digital platform, including cable,
Internet, video, audio, video-on-demand (“VOD”) and virtual reality (“VR”). We are working to expand our VOD, PPV, content
catalog and content capabilities. Since 2018, we launched LiveZone, a traveling studio originating from live music events and festivals
all over the world. LiveZone combines music news, commentary, festival updates and artist interviews, and provide context to premiere
events by showcasing exotic locales, unique venues, and artist backstories, adding “pre-show” and “post-show” segments to
livestreamed artist performances and original festival-based content. During fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, we launched
our own franchises including “Music Lives,” our multi-artist virtual festival, “Music Lives ON,” our weekly series of virtual live-
streaming performances, “Self Made” our music competition platform, “The Lockdown Awards”, our award show celebrating the best
in quarantine content, “The Snubbys”, our award show celebrating deserving artists who should have been but were not nominated for
applicable awards, and “The Breakout Awards,” our award show celebrating some of the year’s most iconic music, celebrities and pop
culture moments.
 
In February 2020, we acquired React Presents, giving us the capability to produce and stream over 200 events annually,
including React Presents’ tent pole festival Spring Awakening. In July 2020, we entered the podcasting business with the acquisition of
PodcastOne and in December 2020, we entered the merchandising business with the acquisition of CPS. In October 2021, we entered
artist and brand development and music-related press relations business through our acquisition of Gramophone.
 
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we livestreamed 126 major music festivals and live music events and generated
approximately 54 million views worldwide, and as of March 31, 2022, our membership services eclipsed 1,481,000 paid members and
approximately 0.8 million monthly active users (“MAUs”) across our audio services. Included in the total number as of March 31, 2022
are certain members which are the subject of a contractual dispute. We are currently not recognizing revenue related to these members.
We use MAUs, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as a measure of our audience reach and define a MAU as a user of one of our
platforms who has logged in and visited our music membership platform, as a unique user, on the day of measurement. 
 
2

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
Live Music Events
 
We produce, edit, curate and stream live music events through (i) broadband transmission over the Internet and/or satellite
networks to our users throughout the world, where permitted (“Digital Live Events”) both advertisers supported and PPV events, and
(ii) physical ticket sales of on-location music events and festivals at a variety of indoor clubs and outdoor venues and arenas (“On-
premise Live Events”). These services allow our users to access live music content in person and over the Internet, including the ability
to chat and communicate over our platform. LiveOne provides Digital Live Events for free to our users; however, beginning in May
2020 we launched PPV capabilities and began charging our users to view certain Digital Live Events. We monetize these live events
through third party advertising and sponsorship, including with brands such as Volkswagen, Hyundai, Facebook, Tik Tok, Porsche, and
Pepsi, and selling territorial licensing rights to Tencent in China and Ocesa in Mexico. Our cost structure varies by music event, and
may include set upfront fees/artist guarantees, the amount of which is often dependent on specific artist. A festival’s existing production
infrastructure or lack thereof, and, in turn results in, us having a production/financial commitment to the live stream, and in some cases,
we may also share the associated revenue. The fees generated from any advertising, sponsored content, VOD/PPV and other services
are generally subject to the aforementioned revenue sharing arrangements with certain artists, festival owners and/or music right
holders, when applicable.
 
In February 2020, we acquired React Presents, a Chicago based live music promoter which promoted, produced and ran over
200 live events in 2019, including React Presents’ owned tent pole festival Spring Awakening.
 
Digital Internet Radio and Music Services
 
Our digital Internet radio and music services are available to users online and through automotive and mobile original
equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) on a white label basis, which allow certain OEMs to customize the radio and music services with
their own logos, branding and systems. Our users are able to listen to a variety of music, radio personalities, news, sports, comedy and
the audio of live music events. Our revenue structure for our digital Internet radio and music services varies and may be in the form of
(i) a free service to the listener supported by paid advertising, (ii) paid premium membership services, and/or (iii) a fixed fee per user.
The fees generated from ad-supported and membership services are generally subject to revenue sharing arrangements with music right
holders and labels, and fees to festivals, clubs, events, concerts, artists, promoters, venues, music labels and publishers (“Content
Providers”).
  
Podcast Services
 
Our podcasts are available to users online alongside our digital Internet radio. Our users are able to listen to a variety of
podcasts, from music, radio personalities, news, entertainment, comedy and sports. The podcasts are available on the LiveOne
platforms and also on other leading podcast listening platforms such as Apple Music, Spotify, and Amazon. Similar to our digital
Internet radio fee structure, we monetize podcasts through (i) paid advertising or (ii) paid premium membership services. We own one
of the largest networks of podcast content in North America, which has over 300 exclusive podcast shows that produces over 300
episodes per week and has generated over 2.48 billion downloads during the year ended March 31, 2022. In April 2021, we announced
an agreement with Samsung for all PodcastOne distributed content to be available via the Listen tab on Samsung TV.
 
In addition to PodcastOne’s core business, it also built, owns and operates a solution for the growing number of independent
podcasters, LaunchPadOne. LaunchPadOne is a self-publishing podcast platform, created to provide a low or no cost tool for
independent podcasters without access to parent podcasting networks or state of the art equipment to create shows. LaunchPadOne
serves as a talent pool for us to find new podcasts and talent.
 
Merchandise
 
With the acquisition of CPS, we now own a group of web-oriented businesses specializing in the merchandise personalization
industry. CPS develops, manufactures, and distributes personalized products for wholesale and direct-to-consumer distribution. CPS
offers thousands of exclusive personalized gift items for family, home, seasonal holidays, and special events along with personalized
jewelry.
 
3

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
Ancillary Products and Services
 
We also provide our customers the following:
  
 
●
Regulatory Support – streaming of music is generally subject to copyright protection. Whenever possible, we use our best
efforts to clear music copyright licenses, artist streaming preferences and music publishing rights in advance of usage.
 
 
●
Post-Implementation Support – once our LiveOne App is activated, we provide technical and network support, which
includes 24/7 operational assistance and monitoring of our services and performance.
 
Our Industry
 
Globally, we estimated that recorded music revenues increased to $25.1 billion in 2021, up 18.4%. We believe that by 2030,
global recorded music revenues will increase to $56 billion. Our addressable market includes streaming of live music and
entertainment, Internet radio, audio downloadable music, podcasts and online VOD services. These markets are experiencing
significant growth and now represent the majority of the music industry’s overall revenue, as physical and digital record sales have
steadily declined. We both capitalize on these trends and provide additional earnings opportunities to industry stakeholders, including
agents, managers, distributors, producers, labels, publishers, advertisers and social influencers (collectively, “Industry Stakeholders”).
 
Live Music Industry
 
The live music industry is a large, growing market that creates, manages and promotes live performances and events, ranging
from festivals to concerts and events in stadiums, arenas, and other smaller venues. We expect live music industry revenues to grow to
$30 billion by 2025. Festivals, which is where our live concert promotion has focused on, have become an increasingly important
cultural phenomenon. Each festival can attract hundreds of thousands of people over multiple day periods. The most popular festivals
based on attendance include Coachella, EDC, Glastonbury, Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival, Rock Werchter, Rock in Rio,
Roskilde, Tomorrowland and Ultra Music Festival. The live event industry is a global market with only a fraction of the leading live
music events located in the U.S. In addition to festivals, there are thousands of live music events and performances that occur nightly in
large and small venues such as arenas, theatres, clubs, bars and lounges. As a result of the popularity of live music performances, there
has been a growing interest in experiencing live events and performances via online streaming distribution. To address this growing
opportunity, we acquired React Presents in February 2020, which promoted, produced and ran over 200 live events in 2019, including
its tent pole Spring Awakening, one of the largest music festivals in the Chicago, Illinois and drawing a large regional audience.
  
With the onset of COVID-19 in early calendar year 2020, substantially all major live music events to be held in calendar year
2020 were cancelled, including our own Spring Awakening. To address the demand for live music events, we shifted our focus to live
digital concerts and festivals, and our platform experienced tremendous growth in the number of live events streamed and overall
viewership. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we live-streamed over 126 events with over 54 million views. These events
featured artists such as Pitbull, Wiz Khalifa, Dierks Bentley, Billie Eilish, and The Foo Fighters, in addition to our own internally
developed franchises such as “Music Lives,” our largest digital music event, “Music Lives ON,” our weekly series of virtual live-
streaming performances, “The Snubbys”, our award show celebrating deserving artists who should have been but were not nominated
for applicable awards, and “The Breakout Awards,” our award show celebrating some of the year’s most iconic music, celebrities and
pop culture moments.
 
Additionally, the growth of the live music industry benefits ancillary verticals, such as merchandise and primary/secondary
ticket marketplaces. Merchandise includes the retail sales of licensed music-related goods and is estimated to be larger than $3.5 billion
since 2018.
 
4

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
 
Digital Music Streaming Industry
 
The addressable market for paid digital music streaming is large and growing, representing almost half of global music
revenue. In 2021, we estimate that streaming revenue was $16.9 billion or approximately 65% of global music sales, and we further
expect paid streaming users to surpass 1.2 billion by 2030.
 
We believe that the demand for live music and music-related content that is optimized for Internet-connected devices will
continue to grow with the further development of mobile devices and increases in mobile carrier bandwidth. We intend to continue to
extend our global reach by executing deals with new partners and strengthening our business model to enable us to further monetize the
content offered on our network across these devices.
 
Podcasting Industry
 
The podcasting industry continues to benefit from both a broad audience, with attractive demographics and loyal listeners.
According to Edison One and Triton Digital, an estimated 100 million people listened to a podcast each month in 2020 and is expected
to reach 125 million in 2022. As podcast listening grows, the addressable market for podcast advertising spend continues to grow.
PricewaterhouseCoopers estimated that podcast advertising spend was $1.5 billion in 2020 and is slated to reach $3.5 billion by 2024,
annual growth of nearly 20% per their 2020 Global Entertainment and Media Outlook Report.
 
Technology
 
We own 15 registered or pending patents on our streaming Internet radio services, including patents over playback of digital
media content, method for providing user personalized content, systems for portable personalized radio, method for interactive
distribution of digital content and systems for scoring and raking digital content based on activity of network users. Key components of
this technology include:
 
 
●
User authorization system
 
 
●
Data Warehouse/Data Management Platform, including user preferences and behavior
 
 
●
Enterprise Content Management and Delivery Platform for Music
 
 
●
Relevancy and Personalization Technology
 
 
●
Patented off-line mode
 
 
●
Mobile and OTT Development
 
 
●
Development around the balance between curated and programmatically generated content
 
 
●
Integrated carrier billing with most major carriers
 
 
●
Service-based technology systems which allows for easier development of new products
 
We intend to protect our trademarks, brands, copyrights, patents and other original and acquired works, ancillary goods and
services. In connection with the Slacker acquisition, we acquired a trademark for the Slacker name. We believe that certain trademarks
and other proprietary rights that we may apply for or otherwise obtain will have significant value and will be important to our brand-
building efforts and the marketing of our services. We cannot predict, however, whether steps taken by us to protect our proprietary
rights will be successful or adequate to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of these rights. Upon the
consummation of any future acquisitions, we may acquire additional registered trademarks, as well as applied-for trademarks
potentially for worldwide use.
 
5

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
Streaming Internet Radio 
 
We continuously obtain high-quality digital content and associated data from the record labels. These master files are stored in
a secure database and transcoded into various audio formats that are then pushed to our production environment. The production
system supports numerous streaming formats as required to serve the numerous end-user consumption devices that our service
supports, including mobile handsets, connected car audio systems, smart TVs, HTML web players, etc. The production infrastructure
consists of servers housed in our data center and caching servers, managed by our partners, distributed across the Internet. The caching
servers temporarily store the content and related formats that are in high demand, thereby placing the most popular content closest to
user endpoints, reducing latency and the number of content requests sent to our data center. When a given user makes a play request
from their mobile device, the web, connected car, etc., the system sets up a secure connection to that user’s device, automatically
detects the proper format and the highest quality bitrate that can be streamed, and delivers the stream to our users.
 
Live Music
 
Technology is a key component of our network that brings our ecosystem to life for our users and Content Providers. We
currently deliver our video viewer experience through our LiveOne App and an HTML-based website compatible with most major web
browsers (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g., Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android). Our developers bring
extensive experience building technology solutions for the leading media companies of the world, including the design of live and
VOD workflows, the video content management system and delivery of content on mobile, OTT and desktop clients.
 
More recently, we built and launched a pioneering technology stack for delivering our content to users on nearly any Internet-
connected device. Our most recent version of the LiveOne App is available on the iOS and Android operating systems and through
Apple TV, Roku, Samsung and Amazon Fire platforms. We believe our full-service, delivery-to-distribution back-end will allow us to
capitalize on monetization opportunities and is the first step in creating a digital supply chain for live music and music-related video
content.
 
Podcasting
 
PodcastOne is one of the few podcast networks with proprietary Content Management System (“CMS”)/Content Delivery
Network (“CDN”) that allows for optimized programmatic capabilities and improved audience analytics. Our hosts/talent are also able
to view their download numbers, trends and analytics on this proprietary software, something many competitors don’t provide. This
fully owned and operated enterprise CMS rivals other paid platforms such as Megaphone (Spotify owned), Art19 (Amazon owned) and
SimpleCast (SiriusXM/Pandora owned). The CMS day to day operation and maintenance is managed by a vendor we contract with and
is constantly being updated to be a best-in-class system. The CMS is the platform where podcast episodes are uploaded, really simple
syndication (RSS) feeds are created and distributed to listening platforms, and the listening data is analyzed and displayed in a
dashboard for the hosts / producers to see.
 
PodcastOne also majority owns LaunchPadOne, a free innovative podcast hosting, distribution, and monetization platform that
provides an end-to-end podcast solution.
 
6

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
Members
 
We currently stream our music services for live events globally to music fans worldwide, and with users located in North
America for our digital music streaming services. We are currently developing plans to expand our music presence internationally. Our
music streaming customers include individual users and OEMs such as Tesla, Verizon, T-Mobile, and, to a lesser extent, advertisers and
third-party licensees. In December 2021, we also launched LiveOne on Google's Android Automotive platform, a full-stack, open
source, highly customizable software platform powering the vehicle's numerous safety, environmental, and infotainment systems,
enabling implementers to differentiate and tailor the content experience specific to a brand's identity. Android Automotive continues to
see wide adoption from virtually all the major automotive OEMs including Ford, GMC, Dodge, Chrysler, Volvo, Polestar, Ford,
Lincoln, Chevrolet, Nissan, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi, and others. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, we had one single
customer that represented approximately 28% and 36% of our total consolidated revenue in the period, respectively.
  
We provide live production and content curating and processing services to our festival and event partners on an exclusive
basis, globally. These agreements are generally for three to seven years in duration. Our customers also include major cable networks,
where we have historically agreed to share production costs for certain festivals.
 
Competitive Advantage
 
We are producers, acquirers and distributors of live and digital music and Internet radio entertainment services, and work
closely with major and independent labels, music festival owners and other content producers to provide unique and compelling music
content across our platform for our listeners. Accordingly, our significant operating and deal-making experience and relationships with
Content Providers, OEMs such as Tesla, cable networks, major advertisers and music publishers and distribution companies in our
industry gives us a number of competitive advantages and may present us with a substantial number of additional business targets and
relationships to facilitate growth going forward. We believe that we have sustainable competitive advantages due to our growing
market position in live events, technology and relationships with important music labels, content suppliers and festival owners.
 
Our leadership team, consisting of our senior and executive management and our board of directors, collectively brings a
wealth of industry relationships and expertise in the fields of programming, promotion, marketing, sales, distribution, web, digital,
linear, mobile, legal and finance. The members of our Advisory Board are renowned in their respective fields, are considered thought
leaders in the entertainment industry by their peers, further enhance our credibility and provide strategic guidance to our management
team.
 
Many of the members of our leadership team have built businesses as entrepreneurs and/or have been executives at Fortune
500 companies. The team includes seasoned finance executives that have collectively been extensively involved in mergers and
acquisitions in the live event, recorded music, music publishing, fashion, technology and other media and entertainment businesses.
Our leadership team provides the knowledge to source, analyze, negotiate and complete acquisition transactions, partnerships and other
business combinations.
 
Strategy
 
Content
 
During the year ended March 31, 2022, we livestreamed 126 major music festivals and events. The majority of our agreements
provide us exclusive rights to produce and digitally stream these live festivals across any screen in most major territories around the
world. Moreover, and in certain cases, we also have the exclusive rights to VOD, AR, VR, broadcast TV and audio rights from these
festivals (subject to music copyright clearances).
 
7

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
Our near-term strategy is to continue aggressively producing, acquiring and aggregating live and on-demand performances
(e.g., on stage sets) and non-performance (e.g., behind the scenes, interviews) music-related video content from festivals, clubs, events,
concerts, artists, promoters, venues, music labels and publishers (collectively, the “Content Providers”); acquiring and producing
original music-related video and audio content; and curating existing online and digital radio premium content. In addition to acquiring
and/or partnering with third party Content Providers, our digital studio, LiveOne Studios, plans to develop and produce original music-
related video content, including digital magazine-style news programming and original-concept digital pilots and documentaries.
During fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, we launched our own franchises including “Music Lives,” our multi-artist virtual
festival, “Music Lives ON,” our weekly series of virtual live-streaming performances, “The Lockdown Awards”, our award show
celebrating the best in quarantine content, “Self Made” our music competition platform, “The Snubbys”, our award show celebrating
deserving artists who should have been but were not nominated for applicable awards, and “The Breakout Awards,” our award show
celebrating some of the year’s most iconic music, celebrities and pop culture moments.
 
Over the long term, our strategy is to combine our live events with our audio music and radio services (collectively, the
“Music Services”). We believe that the combination of these Music Services will serve as our user engagement platform, differentiate
our Music Services from our competitors and provide us more opportunities to expand and grow our current membership base and
revenues from membership fees, advertising, sponsorship and licensing. Moreover, we plan to drive more audience to our Music
Services platform of as we grow our streamed live events, helping us leverage and lower our overall marketing spending and drive
more user growth.
 
Approximately 35% and 51% of our revenue for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was from our
membership services platform. The diversification of our revenue streams was driven by increases in ticket and event revenue as an
overall percentage of total revenues from 3% to 17% along with the increase in the number of digital-only live events and live views
across our platform, however growth in paid sponsorship revenue remained constant at 6%. As live events return post the COVID-19
pandemic, we expect ticket and event revenue (including sponsorship) to increase meaningfully as a percentage of our overall revenue
mix in the coming periods. We also believe the data we generate from our platform will be valuable to Industry Stakeholders and the
ability to reach our audience to market more efficiently to them products and services.
 
Platform Innovation
 
Our platform engagement strategy is to build a compelling online and digital experience for our users, anchored by a
pioneering website and our custom LiveOne App. Our LiveOne platform offers access to some of the world’s leading music festivals
and live events with multi-day and simultaneous multi-stage coverage, unique concerts, intimate performances and premium original
programming. It is fueled by our LiveOne App, which we believe will drive 24/7/365 user engagement and data that we will be able to
convert to earnings and cash flow through multiple potential revenue streams.
 
We continuously redesign and develop our custom LiveOne App with interactive features that enhance the live music
experience and, when combined with our platform’s functionality, unique features and underlying music service, create an immersive
digital experience in and of itself. We believe the combination of the intuitive, modern LiveOne user interface and cross-platform
capabilities will be instrumental in creating a deeply engaging, personally-tailored central hub for live music, music-related video
content and streaming music content, particularly for those users who are otherwise unable to attend live events in person. Our aim is to
also include features for personalization, social interaction services, multiple live channels, vertical video, merchandise and other
offerings to further solidify users’ affinity toward our platform and their interests.
 
We currently run on a responsive HTML-based website that has been developed to work across browsers on any Internet-
connected screen. The website’s home page includes featured content portals used for programming the most relevant content. The
remainder of the page features video content and music stations that are updated regularly and covers a full spectrum of music genres.
As our content library and user data grows, the featured content portals and other aspects of the user experience will be individually
personalized and tailored to a user’s preferences and interests. We have added video, display and other advertising to the website to
generate additional revenue. We will work with our developers to continue to iterate, add and tweak features based on internal and
external feedback.
 
8

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
Our unified LiveOne App ecosystem includes live streaming video, VOD, streaming music stations, podcasts, vodcasts, push
notifications, festival-specific functionality, original content video, locally sold and programmatic ads capability, the capability to
display time-shifted content and enhanced functionality that will support social media sharing and user community engagement. The
main Live page of our LiveOne App includes a top hero carousel depicting featured performances and options for viewing concurrent
programming located below the top carousel. Our LiveOne App also includes a Live Video experience tab dedicated to ongoing and
past festivals. For this section, we allow users to view multiple stages of a single festival broadcasting live simultaneously when
applicable. We believe this fun and simple interface layout, together with LiveZone, will highlight key content and encourage users to
also discover our other content offerings.
 
Our unified LiveOne App showcases several features that we believe will encourage and facilitate user engagement and
interactivity, including:
 
Artist Picker - Personalization — This feature is foundational for personalization and recommendations of content with user
profile integration; artists that are picked will track to user profiles for personalization. Through our acquisition of Slacker, we are able
to add their highly developed enterprise content and user management systems to the LiveOne platform. Once they have been upgraded
to work with video as well as audio, they will form the core of LiveOne’s data management platform and personalization system.
 
Personalized and Programmed Content Carousels — Content carousels are a key feature of the new unified App with the
ability to feature multiple programmed and personalized content of Live events, VOD featured content and audio streams.
 
Slacker-Powered Music Service — With the unification convergence of two content services, this integration includes the
Slacker music service for streaming radio stations with data informed human curation. Slacker’s expertise and toolset for generating
both human curated and programmatically generated media channels allow LiveOne to quickly bring both audio and video channels to
market for a fraction of the expense typically associated with those activities.
 
Live Video Experience — The centerpiece foundation of our digital live experience to engage music fans is the Live Video
experience section in which livestream video feeds, video on-demand, set-time schedules, real-time user interface elements and
community interaction come together in a single unique digital environment.
 
Dynamic Video Player — Our player supports both Live streams and VOD playback, and also supports Vertical Video, which
displays video with an edge-to-edge format in portrait view. This is how younger generations consume video and is a commonly
familiar format catering to Millennials and Gen Zers.
 
Multiple Live Channels — For Live video broadcasts, this video player feature allows for easily switching between multi-
channel perspectives covering different performances and stages of the live event being watched.
 
Social Sharing — With this social sharing functionality, app users are able to share content to Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, by
SMS text and more.
 
Chat — In our endeavor to enhance the live event experience digitally, we will feature an integrated user chat system so users
can connect, share and comment regarding the live content. The integrated chat will allow users to connect, comment and share, all
without leaving the LiveOne App.
 
Community Features — Central to the consumption of live music online is the ability for the audience to interact with each
other, our hosts and influencers, and the artists themselves. We are building out the social features for our social community based
around highly engaging, exclusive live music festival broadcasts that will enable us to innovate our social engagement tools beyond the
competition.
 
Pay Per View (PPV) — Due to the growing demand for digital-only events post COVID-19, we created our own PPV
platform, which allows artists, venues, promoters and festivals to charge users direct for digital access to live events. We also expect
our PPV platform to continue to grow substantially in the long term. We continue to see growth in PPV post COVID-19 lockdowns
being eased.
 
By executing the above strategies, we are creating a platform that is dedicated to live music and has the breadth and depth of
content to reach and be relevant to a global audience of all ages.
 

--- PAGE 14 ---
9

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
Expanding Podcasting Reach
 
PodcastOne has built, owns and operates a solution for the growing number of independent podcasters called LaunchPadOne.
LaunchPadOne is a free innovative self-publishing podcast hosting, distribution, and monetization platform that provides an end-to-end
podcast solution. LaunchPadOne was created to provide a low or no cost tool for independent podcasters without access to parent
podcasting networks or state of the art equipment to create shows. LaunchPadOne serves as a talent pool for us to find new podcasts
and talent. With over 1,000 available podcasts, LaunchPadOne offers creators a 360 podcasting ecosystem - a cutting-edge technology
hosting platform, customizable design elements, a podcast player, distribution tools to publish on all major listening apps, including
Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Google Podcasts, Overcast and Pocket Casts and others, and a deep network of shows. LaunchPadOne’s
robust platform technology, promotion and monetization opportunities will allow podcast creators to leverage unique opportunities
from PodcastOne, such as the ability to accumulate new listeners, get discovered, and collaborate with the established podcast network.
PodcastOne will monetize the audience of the LaunchPadOne network through ad insertion technology platform, which generates
revenue for PodcastOne. Simultaneously, LaunchPadOne creators will receive free hosting and also have the opportunity to generate
revenue for their own podcasts by embedding any ads they sell on their own.
 
Competition
 
While the broader market for live entertainment remains highly competitive, the digital distribution of live and music-related
video content is still a nascent market. We believe live streamed music video content is the only remaining media genre without a
dominant brand. We believe there is a tremendous amount of high-quality live music content available to be captured and produced but
without a singular home for distribution and access by the public at large.
  
We expect to compete for the time and attention of our users with other Content Providers based on a number of factors,
including: quality of experience, relevance, acceptance and diversity of content, ease of use, price, accessibility, perceptions of
advertisement load, brand awareness and reputation. We also expect to compete for the time and attention of users based on the
presence and/or visibility of the LiveOne platform as compared with other platforms and Content Providers that deliver content through
Internet-connected screens.
  
Our competitors include (i) broadcast radio providers, including terrestrial radio providers such as CBS and satellite radio
providers such as Sirius XM, (ii) interactive on-demand audio content and pre-recorded entertainment, such as Apple Music, Amazon
Music, Spotify and Pandora that allow listeners to stream music or select the audio content that they stream or purchase, (iii) podcast
providers, including Amazon Music, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, Spotify and iHeartMusic, (iv) large merchandise retailers, online
and traditional specialty retailers, (v) other forms of entertainment, including Facebook, Twitch, Instagram, Google/YouTube and
Twitter, and (v) promoters and producers of content on mobile, online and AR/VR platforms such as Red Bull TV, Live Nation TV and
independent content owners. Conversely, these content platforms can also become valuable distribution partners. For example, we have
livestreamed our music festivals and events across Facebook, YouTube and Twitch, and partnered with iHeartMedia to livestream
multiple iHeart-sponsored events across our music platform, and our podcasts are available on Spotify, Amazon Music, Apple Podcasts,
and iHeartMusic, among others.
 
We may also face direct competition from other large live music event competitors with regards to online distribution of live
music and music-related video content, ticketing and sponsorship opportunities, including from Live Nation, AEG, and LiveStyle
(formerly SFX). Furthermore, there are many smaller, regional companies that compete in the market as well.
 
10

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
Music Copyright and Rights Regulation
 
As a participant in the global music and radio industries, we are subject to a variety of copyright and regulatory obligations.
 
 
●
Broadcast Music, Inc. (“BMI”) – BMI is a bridge between songwriters and the business and organizations that want to
play their music publicly. BMI supports businesses and organizations that play music publicly by offering blanket music
licenses that permit them to play nearly 17 million musical works.
 
 
●
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (“ASCAP”) – ASCAP is a membership association of more
than 800,000 songwriters, composers and music publishers. ASCAP licenses songs and scores to the businesses that play
them publicly.
 
 
●
SoundExchange, Inc. – SoundExchange collects and distributes digital performance royalties on behalf of more than
245,000 recording artists and master rights owners and licensees.
 
 
 
 
●
The Music Modernization Act (MMA) updated the copyright law to make statutory licensing more efficient for digital
music providers. Under the new law, the U.S. Copyright Office has designated the Mechanical Licensing Collective, Inc.
(The MLC) to collect and distribute mechanical royalty payments. As of January 1, 2021. LiveOne has a blanket license
in place with the MLC that enables us to make all songs delivered by our recorded music label partners available to our
users in our music service upon delivery, eliminating any need for further rights clearances, making our service more
robust and current.
 
 
 
 
●
Other performing right organizations.
 
Government Regulation
 
Our operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures, both
domestically and internationally, governing matters such as:
 
 
●
labor and employment laws;
 
 
●
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practice Act (the “FCPA”) and similar regulations and laws in other countries;
 
 
●
sales and other taxes and withholding of taxes;
 
 
●
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) requirements;
 
 
●
privacy laws and protection of personally identifiable information;
 
 
●
marketing activities online; and
 
 
●
United States copyright laws.
 
We believe that we are in material compliance with these laws. We are also required to comply with the laws of the countries
we operate in and anti-bribery regulations under the FCPA. Such regulations make it illegal for us to pay, promise to pay, or receive
money or anything of value to, or from, any government or foreign public official for the purpose of directly or indirectly obtaining or
retaining business. This ban on illegal payments and bribes also applies to agents or intermediaries who use funds for purposes
prohibited by the statute.
 
From time to time, governmental bodies have proposed legislation that could have an effect on our business. For example,
some legislatures have proposed laws in the past that would impose potential liability on promoters and producers of live music events
for entertainment taxes and for incidents that occur at such events, particularly incidents relating to drugs and alcohol. More recently,
some jurisdictions have proposed legislation that would restrict ticketing methods and mandate ticket inventory disclosure.
 
11

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
Privacy Policy
 
As a company conducting business on the Internet, we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations
relating to information security, data protection and privacy, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and
could be interpreted in ways that could hurt our business. In the area of information security and data protection, the laws in several
states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of personally identifiable
information. Likewise, all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that
compromises certain categories of their personally identifiable information. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may
subject us to significant liabilities.
 
We are also subject to federal and state laws regarding privacy of listener data. Our privacy policy and terms of use describe
our practices concerning the use, transmission and disclosure of listener information and are posted on our website. Any failure to
comply with our posted privacy policy or privacy-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental
authorities or others, which could harm our business. Further, any failure by us to adequately protect the privacy or security of our
users’ information could result in a loss of confidence in our brand among existing and potential users, and ultimately, in a loss of users
and advertising users, which could adversely affect our business.
 
We also collect and use certain types of information from our users in accordance with the privacy policies posted on our
websites. We collect personally identifiable information directly from our platform’s users when they register to use our service, fill out
their listener profiles, post comments, use our service’s social networking features, participate in polls and contests and sign up to
receive email newsletters. We may also obtain information about our platform’s users from other platform users and third parties. We
also collect information from users using our other websites in order to provide ticketing services and other user support. Our policy is
to use the collected information to customize and personalize our offerings for platform users and other users and to enhance the
listeners’ experience when using our service.
 
The sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and other user data are governed by existing
and evolving federal, state and international laws. We could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require
changes in business practices or privacy policies, or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in
ways that negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We intend to attract users from all over the
world, and as we expand into new jurisdictions, the costs associated with compliance with these regulations increases. It is possible that
government or industry regulation in these markets will require us to deviate from our standard processes, which will increase
operational cost and risk. We intend to commit capital resources to ensure our compliance with any such regulations.
   
Intellectual Property
 
We own 15 registered or pending patents on our streaming Internet radio services, including patents over playback of digital
media content, method for providing user personalized content, systems for portable personalized radio, method for interactive
distribution of digital content and systems for scoring and raking digital content based on activity of network users. We also own over
25 trademarks and trademark applications covering our various brands, channels and product names.
 
12

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
We intend to protect our trademarks, brands, copyrights, patents and other original and acquired works, ancillary goods and
services. In connection with the Slacker acquisition, we acquired a trademark for the Slacker name. We believe that certain trademarks
and other proprietary rights that we may apply for or otherwise obtain will have significant value and will be important to our brand-
building efforts and the marketing of our services. We cannot predict, however, whether steps taken by us to protect our proprietary
rights will be successful or adequate to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of these rights. Upon the
consummation of any future acquisitions, we may acquire additional registered trademarks, as well as applied-for trademarks
potentially for worldwide use. See section below entitled “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We may be unable to adequately protect our
intellectual property rights.”
 
Human Capital Management
 
Our business relies on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. In order to do so, we seek to provide a work
environment that creates a diverse, inclusive and supportive workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in
their careers, which is supported by competitive compensation, benefits, and health and wellness programs.
 
Workforce Composition
 
As of March 31, 2022, we had a total of 200 employees of which 184 were full-time employees as well as other persons who
provide to us consulting and other services, including through our subsidiaries. These employees represent the diverse and complex
nature of LiveOne with skills in programming operations, sales, engineering, podcasting, digital and beyond, as well as corporate
support, such as information technology, legal, human resources, communications and finance.
 
Total Rewards
 
We operate in a highly-competitive environment and make significant investments in our people and provide competitive pay
and comprehensive benefits including:
 
 
●
Employer sponsored health insurance;
 
 
●
Paid sick, holidays and vacation;
 
 
●
401(k) plan; and
 
 
●
An Employee Assistance Program, which is available to all full-time employees and their household members at no cost
and provides services such as in person and telephonic counseling sessions, consultation on legal and financial matters
and referrals for services such as child-care and relocation.
  
In response to COVID-19 we quickly took action enabling our employees, where possible, to work from home, voluntarily
expanding our paid sick leave benefits to include additional paid time off for COVID-related illness, testing, and implementing flexible
work policies and reasonable accommodations for our employees on a case by case basis, including making resources available to
parents who were homeschooling their children and offering a mid-year annual enrollment to give our employees the opportunity to
elect additional coverage if they so desired.
 
Diversity
 
Diversity, equity and inclusion are keys to our success. As a company, we value diversity and respect all voices, from both
inside and outside our organization. One of our top human capital priorities at LiveOne is to create an inclusive organizational culture
to attract and develop a dynamic workforce that is as diverse as the audiences and communities we serve which includes and supports
gender identity, race, sexual orientation, sexual identity, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic background, age, disability, national origin
and more. Our ongoing recruiting efforts include including targeting minority enrolled universities, working with minority and woman
owned talent and search firms, working hand and hand with them to create job descriptions that are both gender neutral and culturally
sensitive to attract the most diverse and inclusive candidate pools. In addition, our board of directors is committed to seeking director
candidates who can best contribute to the future success of our Company and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of
sound judgment and leveraging of the group’s diversity of skills and experience, resulting in board members with diverse backgrounds,
including, among other attributes, gender, ethnicity and professional experience.
 

--- PAGE 19 ---
13

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
Workplace Safety
 
Employee health and safety in the workplace is of utmost importance to our Company. We believe that all employees,
regardless of our job role or title, have a shared responsibility in the promotion of health and safety in the workplace. We collectively
are committed to providing and following all safety laws and rules, including internal policies and procedures. This means carrying out
company activities in ways that preserve and promote a clean, safe and healthy environment.
 
The global effects associated with the COVID-19 pandemic have been unprecedented in their scope and depth. We have been
and will continue to be following recommendations of the U.S. Center for Disease Control and other applicable agencies to maximize
the safety and well-being of our employees. With respect to job roles that can be performed remotely, we quickly implemented a Work
from Home policy that enabled our employees to continue working while also keeping themselves and their loved ones safe.
 
Going Concern
 
We are dependent upon the receipt of capital investment and other financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our
business plan. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, we may not be able to implement our
plan of operations. We may be required to obtain alternative or additional financing, from financial institutions or otherwise, in order to
maintain and expand our existing operations. The failure by us to obtain such financing would have a material adverse effect upon our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued. We may be required to cease operations which could result in our stockholders losing all or almost all of their
investment. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are described in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1 – Organization and Basis of Presentation to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
 
Geographic Information
 
For additional information regarding our segment, including information about our financial results by geography, see Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1 – Organization and Basis of
Presentation to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
 
Corporate History
 
On August 2, 2017, our name changed from “Loton, Corp” to “LiveXLive Media, Inc.”, and we reincorporated from the State
of Nevada to the State of Delaware, pursuant to the reincorporation merger of Loton, Corp (“Loton”), a Nevada corporation, with and
into LiveXLive Media, Inc., a Delaware corporation and Loton’s wholly owned subsidiary, effected on the same date. As a result of
such reincorporation merger, Loton ceased to exist as a separate entity, with LiveXLive Media, Inc. being the surviving entity. On
October 6, 2021, our name changed from “LiveXLive, Media Inc.” to “LiveOne, Inc.” Our principal executive offices are located at
269 S. Beverly Drive, Suite #1450, Beverly Hills, 90212.
 
Available Information
 
Our main corporate website address is www.liveone.com. Copies of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Current Reports on Form 8-K and our other reports and documents filed with or furnished to the SEC, and any
amendments to the foregoing, will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to the Secretary at our
principal executive offices or by calling (310) 601-2500. All of our SEC filings are also available on our website at
http://ir.liveone.com/ir-home as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. All of our
SEC filings are also available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
 
We provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor
events, and press and earnings releases on the investor relations section of our corporate website. Investors can receive notifications of
new press releases and SEC filings by signing up for email alerts on our website. Further corporate governance information, including
our board committee charters and code of ethics, is also available on our website at http://ir.liveone.com/ir-home. The information
included on our website or social media accounts, or any of the websites of entities that we are affiliated with, is not incorporated by

--- PAGE 21 ---
reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website or social
media accounts are intended to be inactive textual references only.
 
14

--- PAGE 22 ---
 
 
Item 1A. Risk Factors
 
You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual
Report, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the risks described below could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. In these circumstances,
the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Many of the following risks and
uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic
environment as a result.
 
RISK FACTORS SUMMARY
 
The risks contained in this Risk Factors Summary are not exhaustive and it is not possible for us to predict all risks that could
cause our actual results to differ materially. The risks speak only as of the date hereof, and new risks may emerge or changes to the
foregoing risks may occur that could impact our business.  Some of the material risk include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
 
●
We rely on one key customer for a substantial percentage of our revenue. The loss of our largest customer or the
significant reduction of business or growth of business from our largest customer could significantly adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
●
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and we may be
unsuccessful in executing our business model.
 
●
We have incurred significant operating and net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur
significant losses for the foreseeable future.
 
●
We may require additional capital, including to fund our current debt obligations and to fund potential acquisitions and
capital expenditures, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all and which depends on many factors
beyond our control.
 
●
Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our ordinary shares and
penny stock trading.
 
●
The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted our ability to produce on-premise live events, and to a lesser extent
portions of our programmatic advertising revenue; the pandemic also adversely affected the global economy, which
adversely impacted other parts of our business, including our ability to access capital markets, if and when required.
 
●
The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by the coronavirus.
 
●
We cannot predict the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business
partners, and the full effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
 
●
Our business is partially dependent on our ability to secure music streaming rights from Content Providers and to stream
their live music and music-related video content on our platform, and we may not be able to secure such content on
commercially reasonable terms or at all.
 
●
If we fail to increase the number of users consuming our live music and music-related video content on our platform,
and/or the number of members to Slacker, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected.
 
●
Our ability to increase the number of our listeners depends in part on our ability to establish and maintain relationships
with automakers, automotive suppliers and consumer electronics manufacturers with products that integrate our service.
 
●
We may be unsuccessful in developing our original content.
 

--- PAGE 23 ---
●
We face intense competition from competitors, and we may not be able to increase our revenues, which could adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
●
Expansion of our content beyond live events and pre-recorded music, such as podcasts, subjects us to additional business,
legal, financial and competitive risks.
 
15

--- PAGE 24 ---
 
 
●
We face significant competition for advertiser and sponsorship spend.
 
●
Emerging industry trends in digital advertising may pose challenges for our ability to forecast or optimize our advertising
inventory, which may adversely impact our ad-supported revenue.
 
●
Negative media coverage could adversely affect our business.
 
●
Our business depends on a strong brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand would hurt our ability
to retain or expand our base of ad-supported users, paid members and advertisers.
 
●
We plan to expand into international markets in the 2023 fiscal year, which would subject us to risks associated with the
legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to such markets, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Risks Related to Our Company
 
●
For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting during such periods. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective
disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a
timely basis or prevent fraud could be impaired, and the market price of our securities may be negatively affected.
 
●
We heavily depend on relationships with our Content Providers and other Industry Stakeholders and adverse changes in
these relationships, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
●
We rely on key members of management, particularly our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert Ellin, and
our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Controller, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary, Aaron Sullivan,
and the loss of their services or investor confidence in them could adversely affect our success, development and financial
condition.
 
●
Unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of
operations.
 
●
Our debt agreements contain restrictive and financial covenants that may limit our operating flexibility and our substantial
indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. 
 
●
We may not have the ability to repay the amounts then due to our senior secured lender or the holders of the Harvest
Notes and/or unsecured convertible notes at maturity.
 
●
If we do not comply with the provisions of the senior credit facility and the Harvest Notes, our lenders may terminate
their obligations to us and require us to repay all outstanding amounts owed thereunder.
 
●
Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict in the future, and our stock price may decline if
we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.
 
●
We depend upon third-party licenses for sound recordings and musical compositions and an adverse change to, loss of, or
claim that we do not hold any necessary licenses may materially adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition.
 
Risks Related to Our Acquisition Strategy
 
●
We can give no assurances as to when we will consummate any future acquisitions or whether we will consummate any of
them at all. 
 
16

--- PAGE 25 ---
 
 
Risks Related to Technology and Intellectual Property
 
●
We rely heavily on technology to stream content and manage other aspects of our operations and on our Content
Management System (“CMS”). The failure of any of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our
business.
 
●
Regulatory and business practice developments relating to personal information of our users and/or failure to adequately
protect the personal information of our users may adversely affect our business.
 
Risks Related to Our PodcastOne Business
 
●
We face and will continue to face competition for listeners and listener listening time.
 
●
Our business is dependent upon the performance of the podcasts and their talent.
 
●
If we fail to increase the number of listeners consuming our podcast content, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected.
 
●
Our podcasting revenue and operating results are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising. Factors that
affect the amount of advertising spending, such as economic downturns, can make it difficult to predict our revenue and
could adversely affect our business.
 
●
We rely on integrations with advertising platforms, demand-side platforms (“DSPs”), proprietary platforms and ad
servers, over which we exercise very little control.
 
●
Our revenue model also depends in part on high impression volumes, the growth of which may not be sustained.
 
●
Our advertising sales depend on how our listener data is collected and how advertisers select their ad listener targeting in
the future.
 
Risks Related to Our E-commerce Merchandising Business
 
●
Our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results.
 
●
We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation.
 
●
Changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce may adversely affect the commercial use of our sites and
our financial results.
 
Risks Related to our Festival and Events Business
 
●
Our success relies, in part, on the strength of our live in person festivals and events, as well as our online businesses, and
if any of them were to become less popular, our business could suffer.
 
●
If we are forced to cancel or postpone all or part of a scheduled festival or event, our business may be adversely impacted,
and our reputation may be harmed.
 
●
There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents occurring at our live music events, which could subject us to personal
injury or other claims, increase our expenses and damage our brands.
 
17

--- PAGE 26 ---
 
 
Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock
 
●
The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile.
 
●
We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be consummated, fully or all, or that it will enhance long-
term shareholder value. Stock repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could
diminish our cash reserves.
 
●
Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and stockholders affiliated with him own a significant percentage of our stock
and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.
 
●
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by certain of our stockholders could
cause our stock price to fall.
 
●
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock.
 
●
Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and provisions under Delaware law could make it more difficult
for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, and
may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
 
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
 
We rely on one key customer for a substantial percentage of our revenue. The loss of our largest customer or the
significant reduction of business or growth of business from our largest customer could significantly adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our business is dependent, and we believe that it will continue to depend, on our customer relationship with Tesla, which
accounted for 28% of our consolidated revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022, and 36% of our consolidated revenue for the year
ended March 31, 2021. Our existing agreement with Tesla governs our music services to its car user base in North America, including
our audio music streaming services. If we fail to maintain certain minimum service level requirements related to our service with Tesla
or other obligations related to our technology or services, Tesla may terminate our agreement to provide them with such service. Tesla
may also terminate our agreement for convenience at any time. If Tesla terminates our agreement, requires us to renegotiate the terms
of our existing agreement or we are unable to renew such agreement on mutually agreeable terms, no longer makes our music services
available to Tesla’s car user base, becomes a native music service provider, replaces our music services with one or more of our
competitors and/or we experience a significant reduction of business from Tesla, our business, financial condition and results of
operations would be materially adversely affected.
 
In addition, a significant amount of the membership revenue we generate from Tesla is indirectly subsidized by Tesla to its
customers, which Tesla is not committed to carry indefinitely, including the ability to terminate and/or change our music services for
convenience at any time. Should our membership revenue services no longer be subsidized by and/or made available by Tesla to its
customers or if Tesla reclassifies or renegotiates with us the definition of a paid member or demands credit for past members that no
longer meet such requirement, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain the same number of paid members or receive
the same levels of membership service revenue and membership revenue may substantially fluctuate accordingly. There is no assurance
that we would be able to replace Tesla or lost business with Tesla with one or more customers that generate comparable revenue.
Furthermore, there could be no assurance that our revenue from Tesla continues to grow at the same rate or at all. Any revenue growth
will depend on our success in growing such customer’s revenues on our platform and expanding our customer base to include
additional customers.
 
18

--- PAGE 27 ---
 
 
Tesla has also integrated Spotify Premium to the car’s in-dash touchscreen for its Model S, Model X and Model 3 vehicles.
Tesla owners now have access to our music streaming services, Spotify and TuneIn natively. There is no assurance that our music
streaming services will be available in every current and/or future Tesla model. Furthermore, our current and future competitors like
Spotify, Apple Music, Tesla (if it becomes a native music service provider) and others may have more well-established brand
recognition, more established relationships with, and superior access to content providers and other industry stakeholders, greater
financial, technical and other resources, more sophisticated technologies or more experience in the markets in which we compete. If we
are unable to compete successfully for users against our competitors by maintaining and increasing our presence and visibility, the
number of users of our network may fail to increase as expected or decline and our advertising sales, membership fees and other
revenue streams will suffer.
 
In addition, we have derived, and we believe that we will continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenues from a
limited number of other customers. Any revenue growth will depend on our success in growing our customers’ revenues on our
platform and expanding our customer base to include additional customers. If we were to lose one or more of our key customers, there
is no assurance that we would be able to replace such customers or lost business with new customers that generate comparable revenue,
which would significantly adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and we may be
unsuccessful in executing our business model.
 
We began our current business operations in February 2015 and have a limited operating history related to our current
business. We are now a global digital media company focused on live entertainment. To date, we have devoted most of our financial
resources to developing our current business model, growing Slacker’s user base and product offerings and making key acquisitions.
We expect to continue to incur substantial and increased expenses as we continue to execute our business approach, including
expanding and developing our content and platform and potentially making other accretive acquisitions.
 
The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays
frequently encountered by a developing company starting a new business enterprise, the difficulties that may be encountered with
integrating acquired companies and the highly competitive environment in which we operate. For example, while several companies
have been successful in the digital music streaming industry and the online video streaming industry, companies have had no or limited
success in operating a premium Internet network devoted to live music and music-related video content. Because we have a limited
operating history, we cannot assure you that our business will be profitable or that we will ever generate sufficient revenue to fully meet
our expenses and support our anticipated activities.
 
We have incurred significant operating and net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur
significant losses for the foreseeable future.
 
As reflected in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein, we have a history of losses, incurred
significant operating and net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of $43.9 million and $41.8 million for the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and cash used in operating activities of $9.1 million and $9.5 million for the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of March 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $213.9 million and
net liabilities of $10.9 million. We anticipate incurring additional losses until such time that we can generate significant increases to our
revenues, and/or reduce our operating costs and losses. To date, we have financed our operations exclusively through the sale of equity
and/or debt securities (including convertible securities). The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future
expenditures and our ability to significantly grow our business and increase our revenues. We expect to continue to incur substantial
and increased expenses as we grow our business. We also expect a continued increase in our expenses associated with our operations as
a publicly-traded company. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of other reasons, including unsuccessful
acquisitions, costs of integrating new businesses, expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. As a result of
the foregoing, we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and we may not be able to achieve or sustain
profitability.
 
Our ability to meet our total liabilities of $87.7 million as of March 31, 2022, and to continue as a going concern, is dependent
on our ability to increase revenue, reduce costs, achieve a satisfactory level of profitable operations, obtain additional sources of
suitable and adequate financing and further develop and execute on our business plan. We may never achieve profitability, and even if
we do, we may not be able to sustain being profitable. As a result of the going concern uncertainty, there is an increased risk that you
could lose the entire amount of your investment in our company, which assumes the realization of our assets and the satisfaction of our
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 
 

--- PAGE 28 ---
19

--- PAGE 29 ---
 
 
We may require additional capital, including to fund our current debt obligations and to fund potential acquisitions and
capital expenditures, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all and which depends on many factors beyond our
control.
 
Historically, we have funded our business operations and capital expenditures primarily through equity and/or debt issuances
(including convertible securities). To support our growing business, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant
investments in our platform and product offerings. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt
securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our existing
stockholders may experience dilution. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our
capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital
and to pursue business opportunities. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at significantly higher interest rates, require
additional restrictive financial and operational covenants, or require us to incur significant transaction fees, issue warrants or other
equity securities, or issue convertible securities. These restrictions and covenants may restrict our ability to finance our operations and
engage in, expand, or otherwise pursue our business activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants and
restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants and restrictions could result in a default and
an acceleration of our obligations under a debt agreement. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing
arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our technologies or our solutions under development, or grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable to us, which could lower the economic value of those programs to us.
 
We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on
our development efforts, business plans and operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek
financing and to an extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond
our control. We cannot be certain that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth
and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected.
 
Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our ordinary shares and
penny stock trading.
 
In December 2021, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”),
regarding the fact that the market price of our ordinary shares was below the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued
listing (the “Bid Price Rule”). There can be no assurance that we will be able to correct the Bid Price Rule deficiency, or that we will be
able to continue to meet all of the other criteria necessary for Nasdaq to allow us to remain listed. If we fail to satisfy the applicable
continued listing requirement and continue to be in non-compliance after notice and the applicable grace period ends (which is six
months in the case of the Bid Price Rule, subject to an additional six-month extension), Nasdaq may commence delisting procedures
against our Company (during which we may have additional time of up to six months to appeal and correct our non-compliance).
 
20

--- PAGE 30 ---
 
 
If our ordinary shares are ultimately delisted from Nasdaq, our ordinary shares would likely then trade only in the over-the-
counter market and the market liquidity of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected and their market price could decrease. If our
ordinary shares were to trade on the over-the-counter market, selling our ordinary shares could be more difficult because smaller
quantities of shares would likely be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; a
determination that our shares are a “penny stock,” which will require brokers trading in our securities to adhere to more stringent rules,
possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a reduced amount of news
and analyst coverage for our Company; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our ordinary shares and would substantially
impair our ability to raise additional funds and could result in a loss of institutional investor interest and fewer development
opportunities for us.
  
In addition to the foregoing, if our ordinary shares are ultimately delisted from Nasdaq and they trade on the over-the-counter
market, the application of the “penny stock” rules could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares and increase the
transaction costs to sell those shares. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a “penny stock” as an equity security
that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. If our ordinary shares are ultimately delisted from
Nasdaq and then trade on the over-the-counter market at a price of less than $5.00 per share, our ordinary shares would be considered a
penny stock. The SEC’s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the
rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock
market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that before a transaction in a penny stock
occurs, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser’s agreement to the transaction. If applicable in the future, these rules may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to
sell our ordinary shares and may affect the ability of investors to sell their shares, until our ordinary shares no longer is considered a
penny stock.
 
The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted our ability to produce on-premise live events, and to a lesser extent portions
of our programmatic advertising revenue; the pandemic also adversely affected the global economy, which adversely impacted other
parts of our business, including our ability to access capital markets, if and when required. Additional factors or COVID-19 strains
that are vaccine resistant could exacerbate such negative consequences and/or cause other and potentially materially adverse
effects.
  
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19 in December 2019 subsequently became a global pandemic and its
impact continues as of the date of this Annual Report. The COVID-19 pandemic substantially adversely impacted our live events
business during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and continues to impact such part of our business as of the date of this Annual
Report, namely our live events. We began to experience modest adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and this impact became more adverse on our live events business and continued throughout the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. Due to the global pandemic and government actions taking in response, from March 2020 to
September 30, 2021, all in person festivals, concerts and events have either been canceled or suspended, and thereafter were permitted
to resume. With our acquisition of React Presents in February 2020, we were unable to produce and promote more than 200 forecasted
live events in fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, we have only been able to hold our
flagship live event Spring Awakening Music Festival (“SAMF”) in October 2021, which is typically annually produced in June, and
have announced the cancellation of our 2022 SAMF, which was scheduled to be held in June 2022. Furthermore, as of the date of this
Annual Report, we have livestreamed only a limited number of fans attended live festivals, concerts or other in-person live events on
our platform or channels and it is unclear when streaming of fan attended live festivals, concerts or other in-person live events will
again become available in full to us. In addition, the outbreak and any preventative or protective actions that governments, other third
parties or we may take in respect of the coronavirus may result in a period of business disruption and reduced operations.
 
The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our results will depend on future developments, including new information which
may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken by us and our partners to contain the coronavirus or treat
its impact, among others. The impact of the suspension or cancellation of in-person live festivals, concerts or other live events, and any
other continuing effects of COVID-19 on our business operations (such as general economic conditions and impacts on the advertising,
sponsorship and ticketing marketplace and our partners), may result in a decrease in our revenues, and if the global COVID-19
epidemic continues for an extended period or COVID-19 strains become vaccine resistant our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected.
 

--- PAGE 31 ---
21

--- PAGE 32 ---
 
 
Our new distribution agreements are dependent upon our compliance with their contractual obligations. Our distribution
agreements generally require us to meet certain content criteria, such as availability of a minimum threshold for event content
streaming throughout the year for our distributors. If we were unable to meet these criteria due to the suspension of in person festivals
and live events, we could become subject to remedies available to the distributors. In addition, the absence of in person festivals and
live events could impact our ability to renew expiring agreements on terms as attractive as our existing terms or at all. We may also be
forced develop a significant number of additional digital events and festivals and/or more rapidly than we originally anticipated to fill
the content requirements on our platform, including those required by our distributors. Furthermore, government actions or regulations
applicable to our business or our distributors in response to COVID-19 could have an adverse effect on our revenues.
 
Our estimate of the ultimate impact of the coronavirus pandemic, including the extent of any adverse impacts on our business,
revenues, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, which will depend on, among other things, the duration and spread
of coronavirus, the impact of federal and local government actions that have been and continue to be taken in response, and the
effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic and economic conditions is subject to significant uncertainty.
 
There is significant uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our
business. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, result of operations and financial condition will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity
of COVID-19, including new variants, the actions taken to contain it or treat its impact and the distribution and efficacy of vaccines.
We cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate impact and duration of the coronavirus pandemic, and accordingly, the full extent to which
COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition cannot be predicted at this time and will
depend on, among other things, the duration and spread of coronavirus, the impact of federal and local government actions that have
been and continue to be taken in response, and the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic and economic
conditions, and the impact of COVID-19 may persist for an extended period of time or become more pronounced.
 
Depending on the duration and severity of the current COVID-19 pandemic and rollout and effectiveness of the COVID-19
vaccine, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Annual Report and our other filings with the
SEC, such as risks relating to our ability to further develop and execute on our business plan; our ability to access capital markets to
obtain additional sources of suitable and adequate financing; restricted access to capital and increased borrowing costs; our ability to
fund our current debt obligations and complying with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our existing indebtedness;
our ability to fund potential acquisitions and capital expenditures; and our ability to maintain adequate internal controls in the event that
our employees are restricted from accessing our regular offices for a significant period of time.
 
22

--- PAGE 33 ---
 
 
The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by the coronavirus.
 
As of the date of this Annual Report, the COVID-19 pandemic continues, though its global impact has become less sever. Our
employees are being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Operationally, certain of our employees and consultants are working
remotely, and we have restricted some of our production activities and business travel. The health of our workforce is of primary
concern and we may need to enact further precautionary measures to help minimize the risk of our employees being exposed to the
coronavirus. If significant portions of our workforce, including key personnel, are unable to work effectively because of illness,
government actions or other restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, any adverse impact of the pandemic on our
businesses could be exacerbated. Furthermore, our management team is focused on mitigating the adverse effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a large investment of time and resources across our entire Company, thereby
diverting their attention from other priorities that existed prior to the outbreak of the pandemic. If these conditions worsen, or last for an
extended period of time, our ability to manage our business may be impaired, and operational risks, cybersecurity risks and other risks
facing us even prior to the pandemic may be elevated.
 
We cannot predict the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business
partners, and the full effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
 
The COVID-19 pandemic is partially affecting our revenue, sponsorship and advertiser partners, vendors and other business
partners, and we are not able to assess the full extent of the current impact nor predict the ultimate consequences that will result
therefrom. For example, Tesla was ordered to keep its main U.S. factory closed for a substantial amount of time in 2020 calendar year.
In addition, as a result of COVID-19, certain of our advertising and sponsor partners have been forced to reduce their marketing
budgets. If our revenue and/or sales channels are substantially impaired for an extended period of time, our revenues will be materially
reduced.
 
We are continuously monitoring our own operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from
the COVID-19 pandemic to the best of our abilities, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. To the extent
we are able to obtain information about and maintain communications with our revenue, sponsorship and advertiser partners, vendors
and other business partners, we will seek to minimize disruptions to our revenue, content and distribution channels, but many
circumstances will be beyond our control. Governmental action and/or regional quarantines may further result in labor shortages and
work stoppages. All of these factors may have far reaching direct and indirect impacts on our business, operations, and financial results
and condition. The ultimate extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our Company is highly uncertain and will depend on
future developments which cannot be predicted. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience
material adverse impact on our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any related recession, as well as lingering
impact on demand for our services, our customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners.
 
23

--- PAGE 34 ---
 
 
Our business is partially dependent on our ability to secure music streaming rights from Content Providers and to stream
their live music and music-related video content on our platform, and we may not be able to secure such content on commercially
reasonable terms or at all.
 
Our business is dependent on our ability to secure rights to stream on our platform a variety of popular content from Content
Providers. Our licensing, distribution and/or production arrangements with Content Providers may be short-term and do not guarantee
the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. For example, our agreement with Rock
in Rio expired in 2021 and there is no guarantee that we will be able to renew this agreement on commercially reasonable terms or at
all. Additionally, while our agreements with music festivals and other live music events and venues allow us to stream content from
such events and venues, we typically require additional permission from the artists performing at such events, other rights holders and
venues. While the majority of artists at music festivals and other live music events and venues that we have contracts with have in the
past agreed to allow us to stream their performances, there is no guarantee that artists at an event will agree to allow us to stream their
performances. Any unwillingness of such partners to supply content to us or lack of availability of popular artists to perform at such
venues and events could limit our ability to enhance user experience and deepen user engagement with our platform and therefore
reduce our revenue opportunities. If we are unable to secure rights to steam our content, then our business, financial condition and
results of operations would be adversely affected. Additionally, to the extent any music festival or other live music event that we have
rights to stream is cancelled or delayed, whether as a result of cancellation by a pandemic, artists, weather, terrorism or otherwise, we
may receive little or no content from such live event.
 
In the 2019 fiscal year, we also began livestreaming our own digital live events under “LiveOne Presents”. In the 2020 fiscal
year, we acquired React Presents, a producer, promoter and manager of in person live music festivals and events. In the 2021 fiscal
year, we also began livestreaming our own digital festivals and live events under “Music Lives” and “Music Lives ON”, with “Music
Lives” returning in March 2021 for its second edition. As we continue to livestream and grow our own live events, we may directly
compete with our current and prospective Content Providers. This direct competition with our current and prospective Content
Providers could harm our existing and future relationships with our Content Providers, and may result in a decline in the number of live
events partnership, license, distribution and/or production opportunities available to us, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
 
Some Content Providers and distributors, currently or in the future, may also take action to make it more difficult or
impossible for us to partner with, license, distribute and/or produce their content, including as a result of them offering a competing
product. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit our access to, increase the cost of, or otherwise restrict or
prohibit our use of such content. As a result, we may be unable to offer a wide variety of content at reasonable prices with acceptable
usage rules or expand our geographic reach.
 
Additionally, some content on our platform is currently provided free of digital rights management to prevent the unauthorized
redistribution of digital media. If our business model changes, we may have to develop or license digital rights management
technology. There is no assurance that we will be able to develop or license such technology at a reasonable cost and in a timely
manner. In addition, certain countries have passed or may propose and adopt legislation that would require us to license our digital
rights management, if any, which could weaken the protection of content, subject us to piracy and also negatively affect arrangements
with our Content Providers.
 
24

--- PAGE 35 ---
 
 
We may be unable to fund any significant up-front and/or guaranteed payment cash requirements associated with our live
music streaming rights, which could result in the inability to secure and retain such streaming rights and may limit our operating
flexibility, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
 
In order to secure event and festival live music streaming rights, we may be required to fund significant up-front and/or
minimum guaranteed cash payment requirements to artists or festival or event promoters prior to the event or festival taking place
(“MGs”). While some MGs are recoupable by us as a direct cost before we share any revenue with the underlying partners, such future
MGs are not tied to a number of users, active users, paid members or the number of times we stream such content on our platform.
Accordingly, our ability to achieve and sustain profitability and operating leverage on our services in part depends on our ability to
increase our revenues through increased sales of premium services and advertising sales on terms that maintain an adequate gross
margin. The duration of our content acquisition agreements that contain MGs is typically between three to seven years, but our paid
members may cancel their memberships at any time. If our forecasts for paid members do not meet our expectations or the number of
our paid members or advertising sales do not materialize and/or decline significantly during the term of our content acquisition
agreements, our margins may be materially and adversely impacted. To the extent our premium service revenue growth or advertising
sales do not meet our or our partners’ collective expectations, our business, operating results and financial condition also could be
adversely impacted as a result of such MGs. In addition, the fixed cost nature of these MGs may limit our flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate.
  
We rely on estimates of the market share of licensable content controlled by each content provider, as well as our own user
growth and forecasted advertising revenue, to forecast whether such MGs could be recouped against our actual content acquisition
costs incurred over the duration of each content acquisition agreement. To the extent that this revenue and/or market share estimates
underperform relative to our expectations, leading to content acquisition costs that do not exceed such up-front and minimum
guarantees, our margins may be materially and adversely impacted. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand or available capacity to
advance the necessary cash for any given artist, event or festival, we would not be able to retain the rights for that artist, festival or
event, such counter parties may be able to terminate their content acquisition agreements with us, and as a result our business, financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
 
If we fail to increase the number of users consuming our live music and music-related video content on our platform,
and/or the number of members to Slacker, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
 
The size of our user base is critical to our success, and we will need to develop and grow our user base to be successful. We
currently generate revenue from Slacker’s operations and expect to generate additional revenue based upon membership, VOD, PPV,
advertising and sponsorship, licensing, e-commerce and data, which is dependent on the number of users we retain and attract. For
example, if we are unable to retain and attract users, we may be unable to attract users to our network and/or increase the frequency of
users’ engagement with our platform. In addition, if users do not perceive our content as original, entertaining or engaging, we may not
be able to attract sponsorship opportunities and/or increase the resulting frequency of users’ engagement with our platform and content.
If we are unable to retain and attract users, our network and services could also be less attractive to potential new users, as well as to
Content Providers and other Industry Stakeholders, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
 
25

--- PAGE 36 ---
 
 
Our ability to attract and retain users is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes in music and technology.
 
Our ability to attract and retain users is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes in music and technology and is
dependent on our ability to maintain the attractiveness of our platform, content, technology and reputation as a place where quality
online live music and music-related video content can be accessed and enjoyed. We will rely on the popularity of our Content Providers
and the quality of their respective content to retain users, secure sponsorships and to facilitate growth in revenue from advertising and
e-commerce. Maintaining the popularity of our content will be challenging, and our relationship with music fans could be harmed for
many reasons, including the quality and diversity of our online content, quality of the experience with a particular festival, event or
club, our competitors developing relationships with more popular festivals, events or clubs or attracting talent from our businesses,
adverse occurrences or publicity in connection with a festival, event or club and changes to public tastes that are beyond our control
and difficult to anticipate. For example, if users do not perceive our platform and services to be original, entertaining, engaging, useful,
reliable or trustworthy, we may be unable to attract and retain users to our network and/or increase the frequency of users’ engagement
with our platform. Additionally, any cancellation or delay in music festivals, concerts or other live music events that we have rights to
stream, or are otherwise associated with, may harm our reputation and make any related content less desirable to our users. A number
of consumer-oriented music and/or tech websites that achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or levels of
engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our user base. If
our platform or content become less popular with music fans, our growth strategy would be harmed, which could in turn harm our
business and financial results.
 
Our ability to attract and retain users depends upon many additional factors both within and beyond our control. In addition to
the popularity of our content, we believe that our ability to attract and retain users depends upon many factors both within and beyond
our control, including:
  
●
the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of our platform, products and services, including
Slacker, our LiveOne App and our PodcastOne application (“PodcastOne App”), compared to those of our competitors;
 
●
the timing and market acceptance of our platform, products and services, including Slacker, LiveOne App and
PodcastOne App;
 
●
users’ willingness to pay for membership rights to our platform;
 
●
our ability to develop and monetize an effective strategy to attract advertisers and sponsor of our platform;
 
●
the frequency and relative prominence of the ads displayed by us or our competitors;
 
●
our ability to establish and maintain relationships with our Content Providers to provide new content for our network;
 
●
user concerns related to user privacy and our ability to keep user data secure;
 
●
changes mandated by, or that we elect to make to address, legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation, including
settlements and consent decrees, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on us;
 
●
our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees, particularly engineers, designers and platform and content
managers;
 
●
fluctuations in costs of content which we may be unwilling or unable to pass through to our users;
 
●
competitors’ offerings that may include more favorable terms than we offer in order to obtain agreements for new content
or venue, festival or ticketing arrangements;
 
●
technological changes and innovations that we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting that offer more attractive
entertainment alternatives than we or other live streamed entertainment providers currently offer;
 
●
general economic conditions which could cause consumers to reduce discretionary spending;
 
●
our ability to develop and monetize an effective strategy to buildout our e-commerce revenue stream;
 

--- PAGE 37 ---
●
acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; and
 
●
our reputation and the brand strength relative to our competitors.
 
In addition to attracting and retaining users, we will need to minimize user churn and attract lapsed users back to our platform
and services, while ensuring that our user acquisition cost does not exceed user life-time value.
 
If we are unable to attract and retain users, minimize user churn, fail to attract lapsed users and/or ensure that our user
acquisition cost does not exceed our user life-time value, any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
 
26

--- PAGE 38 ---
 
 
Our ability to increase the number of our listeners depends in part on our ability to establish and maintain relationships
with automakers, automotive suppliers and consumer electronics manufacturers with products that integrate our service.
 
A key element of our strategy to expand the reach of our service and increase the number of our users and user hours spend on
our platform is to establish and maintain relationships with automakers, automotive suppliers and consumer electronics manufacturers
that integrate our service into and with their products. Working with certain third-party distribution partners, we currently offer listeners
the ability to access our service through a variety of consumer electronics products used in the home and devices connected to or
installed in automobiles. We intend to broaden our ability to reach additional listeners, and increase current listener hours, through other
platforms and partners over time, including through direct integration into connected cars. However, product design cycles in consumer
products and automotive manufacturing are lengthy, and we may not be able to achieve our goals in our desired timeframe, which could
adversely impact our ability to grow our business.
 
Our existing agreements with partners in the automobile and consumer electronics industries generally do not obligate those
partners to offer our service in their products. In addition, some automobile manufacturers or their supplier partners may terminate their
agreements with us for convenience. Our business could be adversely affected if our automobile partners and consumer electronics
partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. If we are forced to amend
the business terms of our distribution agreements as a result of competitive pressure, our ability to maintain and expand the reach of our
service and increase listener hours would be adversely affected, which would reduce our revenue and harm our operating results.
 
We are a party to many content acquisition and other license agreements that are complex and impose numerous
obligations upon us which may make it difficult to operate our business, and a breach of such agreements could adversely affect
our business, operating results and financial condition.
 
Many of our content acquisition and other license agreements are complex and impose numerous obligations on us, including
obligations to, among other things:
 
●
calculate and make payments based on complex royalty structures, which requires tracking usage of content on our
service that may have inaccurate or incomplete metadata necessary for such calculation;
 
●
provide periodic reports on the exploitation of the content in specified formats;
 
●
represent that we will obtain all necessary publishing licenses and consents and pay all associated fees, royalties, and
other amounts due for the licensing of musical compositions;
 
●
provide advertising inventory;
 
●
comply with certain broadcasting limitations and restrictions;
 
●
comply with certain marketing and advertising restrictions; and
 
●
comply with certain security and technical specifications.
 
Some of our content acquisition and other license agreements grant the licensor the right to audit our compliance with the
terms and conditions of such agreements. In addition, some of our content acquisition and other license agreements require consent to
undertake certain business initiatives and without such consent, our ability to undertake new business initiatives may be limited. This
could hurt our competitive position.
 
If we materially breach any of these obligations or any other obligations set forth in any of our content acquisition and other
license agreements, or if we use content in ways that are found to exceed the scope of such agreements, we could be subject to
monetary penalties and our rights under such license agreements could be terminated, either of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We may enter into settlement agreements in the future requiring us to
make substantial payments as a result of claims that we are in breach of certain provisions in, or have exceeded the scope of, our
content acquisition and other license agreements.
 
27

--- PAGE 39 ---
 
 
We may be unsuccessful in developing our original content.
 
We currently produce and plan to continue to produce original music-related video content, including LiveZone, and our other
digital magazine-style news programming and original-concept digital pilots, documentaries and other original content. We believe that
a positive reputation with users concerning our original content is important in attracting and retaining users. To the extent our content,
in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to users, our ability to
establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. If the original content we produce does not attract new users,
we may not be able to cover our expenses to produce such programs, and our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected.
  
As we continue to develop our original content, we will become responsible for higher production costs and other expenses.
We may also take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. To the extent we do not accurately
anticipate costs or mitigate risks, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may
suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen
production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not
have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
 
We face competition for users’ attention and time.
 
The market for entertainment video and radio content is intensively competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete
against other entertainment video and radio providers, such as (i) interactive on-demand audio content and pre-recorded entertainment,
(ii) broadcast radio providers, including terrestrial and Internet radio providers, (iii) cable, satellite and Internet television and movie
content providers, (iv) video gaming providers and (v) other sources of entertainment for our users’ attention and time. These content
and service providers pose a competitive threat to the extent existing or potential users choose to consume their content or use their
services rather than our content or our services. The online marketplace for live music and music-related content may rapidly evolve
and provide users with a number of alternatives or new access models, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
 
We face intense competition from competitors, and we may not be able to increase our revenues, which could adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
The music streaming industry is highly competitive. The music streaming industry competes with other forms of entertainment
for consumers’ discretionary spending, and within this industry we compete with other platforms to secure rights to content. In the
markets in which we promote our streaming live music and music-related content, we face competition from other promoters and
streaming operators. These competitors may engage in more extensive development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing
campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to existing and potential artists. Our competitors
may also develop services, advertising options or music platforms that are equal or superior to those we provide or that achieve greater
market acceptance and brand recognition than we achieve. It is possible that new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire
significant market share.
 
Our current and future competitors may have more well-established brand recognition, more established relationships with,
and superior access to, Content Providers and other Industry Stakeholders, greater financial, technical and other resources, more
sophisticated technologies or more experience in the markets in which we compete. These competitors may also compete with us for
key employees and other individual service providers who have relationships with popular music artists or other Content Providers and
that have a history of being able to book such artists or secure the rights to stream their music. If we are unable to compete successfully
for users against other providers by maintaining and increasing our presence and visibility, the number of users of our network may fail
to increase as expected or decline and our advertising sales, membership fees and other revenue streams will suffer.
 
28

--- PAGE 40 ---
 
 
Our new platform features, services and initiatives, changes to existing features, services and initiatives and our plan to
continue to increase the number of live events that we produce could fail to attract users, content partners, advertisers and platform
partners or generate revenue.
 
Our new platform features, services and initiatives and changes to existing features, services and initiatives could fail to attract
users, content partners, advertisers and platform partners or generate revenue. Our industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in
technology, evolving customer needs and the frequent introduction by our competitors of new and enhanced offerings. We must
constantly assess the playing field and determine whether we need to improve or re-allocate resources amongst our existing platform
features and services or create new products (independently or in conjunction with third parties). Our ability to increase the size and
engagement of our user base, attract content partners, advertisers and platform partners and generate revenue will depend on those
decisions. We may introduce significant changes to our existing platform and services or develop and introduce new and unproven
products and services, including technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. If new or
enhanced platform features or services fail to engage users, content partners and advertisers, we may fail to attract or retain users or to
generate sufficient revenue or operating profit to justify our investments, and our business and operating results could be adversely
affected.
   
In addition, in the 2021 fiscal year, we started producing and expect to continue to produce live events, including digital and
PPV events, which generated revenue and which we believe will enhance our attractiveness to users, content partners and advertisers.
We hope to drive increased advertising to monetize our live events and our platform and services through advertising and sponsorship
opportunities associated with live streaming and music-related content. In the future, we may invest in new products, product features,
services and initiatives and may produce a greater number of live events to generate revenue, but there is no guarantee these approaches
will be successful. We may not be successful in future efforts to generate advertising and/or sponsorship opportunities and generate
revenue from or able to monetize our new products or services and live events produced by us. If such strategic initiatives do not
enhance our ability to monetize our existing platform and services, enable us to develop new approaches to monetization or meet the
expectations of our users or third-party business partners, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue or recover any
associated development costs and our operating results could be adversely affected.
 
Expansion of our content beyond live events and pre-recorded music, such as podcasts, subjects us to additional business,
legal, financial and competitive risks.
 
Expansion of our operations into delivery of content beyond live events and pre-recorded music involves numerous risks and
challenges, including increased capital requirements, new competitors and the need to develop new strategic relationships. Growth into
these new areas may require changes to our existing business model and cost structure, modifications to our infrastructure and exposure
to new regulatory and legal risks, including infringement liability, any of which may require additional expertise that we currently do
not have. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue from advertising sales associated with podcasts or
other non-prerecorded-music content to offset the costs of acquiring this content. Further, we have established a reputation as a live
music provider and our ability to gain acceptance and listenership for podcasts or other non-music content, and thus our ability to
attract advertisers to this content, is not certain. Failure to obtain or retain rights to podcasts or other non-music content on acceptable
terms, or at all, to successfully monetize and generate revenues from such content, or to effectively manage the numerous risks and
challenges associated with such expansion could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
 
29

--- PAGE 41 ---
 
 
We face significant competition for advertiser and sponsorship spend.
 
We face significant competition for advertiser spend. Substantially all of our revenue to date is generated through
memberships to our music platform, as well as sponsorships and ads on our website and mobile app. We compete against online and
mobile businesses, including those referenced above, and traditional media outlets, such as television, radio and print, for advertising
budgets. We also compete with advertising networks, exchanges, demand side platforms and other platforms, such as Google AdSense,
DoubleClick Ad Exchange, Oath advertising platform and Microsoft Media Network, for marketing budgets and in the development of
the tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. Slacker competes with platforms, such as Apple’s iTunes
Music Store and Apple Music, Spotify, SiriusXM Satellite Radio, YouTube, Tidal, Napster and Amazon Prime that provide interactive
on-demand audio content and pre-recorded entertainment. In order to grow our revenues and improve our operating results, we will
need to increase our share of spending on advertising relative to our competitors, many of which are larger companies that offer more
traditional and widely accepted advertising products. In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader product or
service offerings and leverage their relationships based on other products or services to gain additional share of advertising budgets. If
we are not able to compete effectively for users and advertisers spend, our business, financial condition and results of operations would
be materially and adversely affected.
 
Emerging industry trends in digital advertising may pose challenges for our ability to forecast or optimize our advertising
inventory, which may adversely impact our ad-supported revenue.
 
The digital advertising industry is introducing new ways to measure and price advertising inventory. For example, a significant
portion of advertisers are in the process of moving from purchasing advertisement impressions based on the number of advertisements
served by the applicable ad server to a new “viewable” impression standard (based on number of pixels in view and duration) for select
products. In the absence of a uniform industry standard, agencies and advertisers have adopted several different measurement
methodologies and standards. In addition, measurement services may require technological integrations, which are still being evaluated
by the advertising industry without an agreed-upon industry standard metric. As these trends in the industry continue to evolve, our
advertising revenue may be adversely affected by the availability, accuracy, and utility of the available analytics and measurement
technologies as well as our ability to successfully implement and operationalize such technologies and standards. 
 
Further, the digital advertising industry is shifting to data-driven technologies and advertising products, such as automated
buying. These data-driven advertising products and automated buying technologies allow publishers and advertisers to use data to
target advertising toward specific groups of users who are more likely to be interested in the advertising message delivered to them.
These advertising products and programmatic technologies are currently more developed in terms of advertising technology and
industry adoption on the web than they are on mobile or on other software applications, and may not integrate with our desktop
software version of the ad-supported services. Because the majority of our ad-supported user hours occur on mobile devices, if we are
unable to deploy effective solutions to monetize the mobile device usage by our  ad-supported  user base, our ability to attract
advertising spend, and ultimately our advertising revenue, may be adversely affected by this shift. In addition, we rely on third-party
advertising technology platforms to participate in automated buying, and if these platforms cease to operate or experience instability in
their business models, it also may adversely affect our ability to capture advertising spend.
 
30

--- PAGE 42 ---
 
 
Our services and software are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or vulnerabilities, which could
manifest in ways that could seriously harm our reputation and our business.
 
Our services and software are highly technical and complex. Our services or any other products we may introduce in the
future, may contain undetected software bugs, hardware errors, and other vulnerabilities. These bugs and errors can manifest in any
number of ways in our products, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, malfunctions, or even
permanently disabled products. We have a practice of regularly updating our products and some errors in our products may be
discovered only after a product has been used by users, and may in some cases be detected only under certain circumstances or after
extended use. Any errors, bugs or other vulnerabilities discovered in our code or backend after release could damage our reputation,
drive away users, allow third parties to manipulate or exploit our software (including, for example, providing mobile device users a
means to suppress advertisements without payment and gain access to features only available to the ad-supported service), lower
revenue and expose us to claims for damages, any of which could seriously harm our business. Additionally, errors, bugs, or other
vulnerabilities may—either directly or if exploited by third parties—affect our ability to make accurate royalty payments.
 
We also could face claims for product liability, tort or breach of warranty. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly
and may divert management’s attention and seriously harm our reputation and our business. In addition, if our liability insurance
coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be seriously harmed.
  
Interruptions, delays or discontinuations in service arising from our own systems or from third parties could impair the
delivery of our services and harm our business.
 
We rely on systems housed in our own facilities and upon third parties, including bandwidth providers and third-party “cloud”
data storage services, to enable our users to receive our content in a dependable, timely, and efficient manner. We have experienced and
may in the future experience periodic service interruptions and delays involving our own systems and those of third parties that we
work with. Both our own facilities and those of third parties are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires,
power loss, telecommunications failures, and similar events. They also are subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism,
the failure of physical, administrative, technical, and cyber security measures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, human error, the financial
insolvency of third parties that we work with, and other unanticipated problems or events. The occurrence of any of these events could
result in interruptions in our services and to unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the content and data contained on our systems and
that these third parties store and deliver on our behalf.
 
Any disruption in the services provided by these third parties could materially adversely impact our business reputation,
customer relations, and operating results. Upon expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third parties, we may not be
able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, which are
favorable to us, and a transition from one third party to another could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the
transition is complete.
   
We rely upon the Google Cloud Platform (“GCP”) and Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to operate certain aspects of our
business and to store certain data, and any disruption of or interference with our use of the GCP and AWS could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
 
GCP provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a
cloud computing service. We have designed our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and
other services provided by GCP. Currently, we are in the process of transitioning certain of our data storage (including personal data of
users and music data licensed from rights holders) and computing from our own servers to GCP. We cannot easily switch our GCP
operations to another cloud provider. In addition, we rely upon the AWS to operate certain aspects of our business and to store certain
data. Any disruption of, or interference with, our use of GCP or AWS could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition.
 
31

--- PAGE 43 ---
 
 
If we fail to accurately predict, recommend, and stream and play music that our users enjoy, we may fail to retain existing
users and attract new users in sufficient numbers to meet investor expectations for growth or to operate our business profitably.
 
We believe that a key differentiating factor between our Company and other music Content Providers is our ability to predict
music that our users will enjoy. Our system for predicting user content and music preferences and selecting content and music tailored
to our users’ individual music tastes is based on advanced data analytics systems and our proprietary algorithms. We have invested, and
will continue to invest, significant resources in refining these technologies; however, we cannot assure you that such investments will
yield an attractive return or that such refinements will be effective. The effectiveness of our ability to predict user content and music
preferences and select content and music tailored to our users’ individual music tastes depends in part on our ability to gather and
effectively analyze large amounts of user data. In addition, our ability to offer users content and songs that they have not previously
seen or heard and impart a sense of discovery depends on our ability to acquire and appropriately categorize additional content and
songs that will appeal to our users’ diverse and changing tastes. While we are continuously increasing our content and have a large
catalog of songs available to stream, we must continuously produce, acquire, identify and analyze additional content and songs that our
users will enjoy and we may not effectively do so. Our ability to predict and select content and music that our users enjoy is critical to
the perceived value of our services among users and failure to make accurate predictions could materially adversely affect our ability to
adequately attract and retain users, increase hours our users spend on our platforms and sell advertising to meet investor expectations
for growth or to operate the business profitably.
 
If we are unable to increase revenue from our services on mobile devices, such as smartphones, our results of operations
may be materially adversely affected.
 
Our business model with respect to monetization of our services on mobile and connected devices is still evolving. As users
migrate away from personal computers, there is increasing pressure to monetize mobile. In substantially all markets, we offer our ad-
supported  services on mobile, from which we generate advertising revenue. However, to date we primarily rely on our premium
services to generate revenue on mobile and other connected devices. If we are unable to effectively monetize our services on mobile
and connected devices, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer.
  
Negative media coverage could adversely affect our business.
 
We receive sizable media coverage around the world. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, payments to music labels,
publishers, artists and other copyright owners, our privacy practices, terms of service, service changes, service quality, litigation or
regulatory activity, government surveillance, the actions of our advertisers, the actions of our developers whose services are integrated
with our services, the use of our services for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends, the quality and integrity of content streamed on our
services or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to us, could materially adversely affect our reputation. Such
negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement and loyalty of our user base and result in decreased
revenue, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
 
Our business depends on a strong brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand would hurt our
ability to retain or expand our base of ad-supported users, paid members and advertisers.
 
We have developed a strong “Slacker” brand and are developing what we hope to be a strong “LiveOne” brand in the future
that we believe contributes and will contribute significantly to the success of our business. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing the
“LiveOne” and “Slacker” brands is critical to expanding our base of ad-supported users, paid members and advertisers, and will depend
largely on our ability to continue to develop and provide an innovative and high-quality experience for our users and to attract
advertisers, content owners, mobile device manufacturers, and other consumer electronic product manufacturers to work with us, which
we may not do successfully. If we do not successfully maintain a strong brand, our business could be harmed.
  
Our brands may be impaired by a number of other factors, including any failure to keep pace with technological advances on
our platform or with our services, slower load times for our services, a decline in the quality or quantity of the content available on our
services, a failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any alleged violations of law, regulations, or public policy. Additionally,
the actions of our developers, advertisers, and content partners may affect our brand if users do not have a positive experience using
third-party applications or websites integrated with us or that make use of our content. Further, if our partners fail to maintain high
standards for products that are integrated into our services, fail to display our trademarks on their products in breach of our agreements
with them, or use our trademarks incorrectly or in an unauthorized manner, or if we partner with manufacturers of products that our
users reject, the strength of our brand could be adversely affected.
 

--- PAGE 44 ---
32

--- PAGE 45 ---
 
 
We have historically been required to spend significant resources to establish and maintain our brands. If we are unable to
maintain the growth rate in the number of our ad-supported users and paid members, we may be required to expend greater resources
on advertising, marketing and other brand-building efforts to preserve and grow consumer awareness of our brand, which would
adversely affect our operating results and may not be effective.
 
Our trademarks, trade dress and other designations of origin are important elements of our brand. We have registered
“Slacker” as a trademark in the United States and certain other jurisdictions around the world. Nevertheless, competitors or other
companies may adopt marks similar to ours, or use our marks and confusingly similar terms as keywords in Internet search engine
advertising programs, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to confusion among our users. We
cannot assure you that our trademark applications, even for key marks, will be approved. We may face opposition from third parties to
our applications to register key trademarks in foreign jurisdictions in which we have expanded or may expand our presence. If we are
unsuccessful in defending against these oppositions, our trademark applications may be denied. Whether or not our trademark
applications are denied, third parties may claim that our trademarks infringe upon their rights. As a result, we could be forced to pay
significant settlement costs or cease the use of these trademarks and associated elements of our brand in those or other jurisdictions.
Doing so could harm our brand or brand recognition and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.
     
We are subject to a number of risks related to credit card and debit card payments we accept.
 
We accept payments mainly through credit and debit card transactions. For credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange
and other fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our
premium service, which could cause us to lose paid members and membership revenue, or suffer an increase in our costs without a
corresponding increase in the price we charge for our premium service, either of which could harm our business, operating results and
financial condition.
 
Additionally, we rely on third-party service providers for payment processing services, including the processing of credit and
debit cards. In particular, we rely on one third-party service provider, Cybersource, for all of our payment processing. Our business
could be materially disrupted if these third-party service providers become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us.
 
If we or our service providers for payment processing services have problems with our billing software, or the billing software
malfunctions, it could have a material adverse effect on our user satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card
companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. In addition, if our billing software fails to work properly and, as a
result, we do not automatically charge our paid members’ credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
 
We also are subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic
funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it more difficult for us to comply. Currently, we are fully compliant
with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard v3.2 (“PCI DSS”), a security standard with which companies that collect, store,
or transmit certain data regarding credit and debit cards, credit and debit card holders, and credit and debit card transactions are
required to comply. This is an annual certification exercise, and if we fail to comply, we may violate payment card association
operating rules, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors and merchant
banks. Such failure to comply fully also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages, and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our
ability to accept credit and debit card payments. Further, there is no guarantee that, even if we are in compliance with PCI DSS, we will
maintain PCI DSS compliance or that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss, or
misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, credit and debit card holders, and credit and debit card transactions.
 
33

--- PAGE 46 ---
 
 
If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of
our security measures, and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, credit card
and debit card companies may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. Any increases in our credit card and
debit card fees could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our premium services to
offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our
ability to operate our business.
 
We are subject to a number of risks related to other payment solution providers.
 
We accept payments through various payment solution providers, such as telco integrated billings and third-party payment
processors. These payment solution providers provide services to us in exchange for a fee, which may be subject to change.
Furthermore, we rely on their accurate and timely reports on sales and redemptions. If such accurate and timely reports are not being
provided, it will affect the accuracy of our reports to our licensors, and also affect the accuracy of our financial reporting.
  
Our business emphasizes rapid innovation and prioritizes long-term user engagement over short-term financial condition
or results of operations. That strategy may yield results that sometimes do not align with the market’s expectations. If that happens,
our stock price may be negatively affected.
 
As our business grows and becomes more complex, our success will depend on our ability to quickly develop and launch new
and innovative products. We believe our culture fosters this goal. Our focus on complexity and quick reactions could result in
unintended outcomes or decisions that are poorly received by our users, advertisers, or partners. Our culture also prioritizes our long-
term user engagement over short-term financial condition or results of operations. We frequently make decisions that may reduce our
short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions benefit the aggregate user experience and will thereby improve our
financial performance over the long-term. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case, our
user growth and engagement, our relationships with advertisers and partners, as well as our business, operating results, and financial
condition could be seriously harmed.
 
Streaming depends on effectively working with third-party platforms, operating systems, online platforms, hardware,
networks, regulations, and standards we do not control. Changes in our services or those operating systems, hardware, networks,
regulations, or standards, and our limitations on our ability to access those platforms, operating systems, hardware or networks may
seriously harm our business.
 
Our services require high-bandwidth data capabilities. If the costs of data usage increase or access to data networks is limited,
our business may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality audio, video, and other content over networks, our services
must work well with a range of technologies, systems, networks, regulations and standards that we do not control. In addition, the
adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of the Internet, including laws governing
Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our Service and increase our cost of doing business. Previously, Federal
Communications Commission (the “FCC”) “open Internet rules” prohibited mobile providers in the United States from impeding
access to most content, or otherwise unfairly discriminating against Content Providers like us. These rules also prohibited mobile
providers from entering into arrangements with specific Content Providers for faster or better access over their data networks.
However, on December 14, 2017, the FCC voted to repeal the “open Internet rules” and as a result, broadband services are now subject
to less U.S. federal regulation. A number of parties have already stated they would appeal this order, and it is possible United States
Congress may adopt legislation restoring some of the “open Internet rules.” If, as a result of the repeal of “open Internet rules,”
broadband providers in the United States decrease access to certain content, start entering into arrangements with specific Content
Providers for faster or better access over their data networks, or otherwise unfairly discriminate against Content Providers like us, this
could increase our cost of doing business and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to larger competitors. Additionally, mobile
providers may be able to limit our users’ ability to access our platforms or make them a less attractive alternative to our competitors’
applications. If that occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition would be seriously harmed.
 
34

--- PAGE 47 ---
 
 
The European Union (the “EU”) currently requires equal access to Internet content. Additionally, as part of its Digital Single
Market initiative, the EU may impose network security, disability access, or 911-like obligations on “over-the-top” services such as
those provided by us, which could increase our costs. If the EU or the courts modify these open Internet rules, mobile providers may be
able to limit our users’ ability to access our platforms or make them a less attractive alternative to our competitors’ applications. If that
occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition would be seriously harmed.
 
We rely on a variety of operating systems, online platforms, hardware, and networks to reach our customers. These platforms
range from desktop and mobile operating systems and application stores to wearables and intelligent voice assistants. The owners or
operators of these platforms may not share our interests and may restrict our access to them or place conditions on access that would
materially affect our ability to access those platforms. In particular, where the owner of a platform also is our direct competitor, the
platform may attempt to use this position to affect our access to customers and ability to compete. For example, an online platform
might arbitrarily remove our services from its platform, deprive us of access to business-critical data, or engage in other harmful
practices. Online platforms also may unilaterally impose certain requirements that negatively affect our ability to convert users to the
premium service, such as conditions that limit our freedom to communicate promotions and offers to our users. Similarly, online
platforms may force us to use the platform’s payment processing systems which may be inferior to and more costly than other payment
processing services available in the market. 
 
Online platforms frequently change the rules and requirements for services like ours to access the platform, and such changes
may adversely affect the success or desirability of our services. Online platforms may limit our access to information about users,
limiting our ability to convert and retain them. Online platforms also may deny access to application programming interfaces (“API”)
or documentation, limiting functionality of our services on the platform.
 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the requirements of those operating systems, online platforms,
hardware, networks, regulations and standards on which our services depend, and failure to do so could result in serious harm to our
business.
  
If our security systems are breached, we may face civil liability, and public perception of our security measures could be
diminished, either of which would negatively affect our ability to attract and retain paid members, ad-supported users, advertisers,
Content Providers and other business partners.
 
Techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate
or prevent unauthorized access to data pertaining to our users, including credit card and debit card information and other personal data
about our Users, business partners, and employees. Like all Internet services, our services, which are supported by our own systems
and those of third parties that we work with, is vulnerable to software bugs, computer viruses, Internet worms, break-ins, phishing
attacks, attempts to overload servers with denial-of-service, or other attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized use of our and
third-party computer systems, any of which could lead to system interruptions, delays, or shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the
unauthorized access to personal data. Computer malware, viruses, and computer hacking and phishing attacks have become more
prevalent in our industry, have occurred on our systems in the past, and may occur on our systems in the future. As our business and
brand reputation grow, we may become a particularly attractive target for such attacks. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any,
harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and
availability of our products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users may harm our reputation and our ability to retain
existing users and attract new users. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user
data, to prevent data loss, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to prevent or detect security breaches, we
cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against or
remediating cyber-attacks.
 
35

--- PAGE 48 ---
 
 
In addition, if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs to our systems or a third party’s systems, we may face
regulatory or civil liability and public perception of our security measures could be diminished, either of which would negatively affect
our ability to attract and retain Users, which in turn would harm our efforts to attract and retain advertisers, Content Providers and other
business partners. We also would be required to expend significant resources to mitigate the breach of security and to address matters
related to any such breach. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived personal data breach (including
the EU Lead Data Protection Authority) as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods.
 
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to maintain the security of data relating to our users, to comply with our posted privacy
policy, laws and regulations, rules of self-regulatory organizations, industry standards, and contractual provisions to which we may be
bound, could result in the loss of confidence in us, or result in actions against us by governmental entities or others, all of which could
result in litigation and financial losses, and could potentially cause us to lose Users, advertisers, and revenues. In Europe, European
Data Protection Authorities could impose fines and penalties of up to 4% of annual global turnover or €20 million, whichever is higher,
for a personal data breach.
 
We are at risk of attempts at unauthorized access to our services, and failure to effectively prevent and remediate such
attempts could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Unauthorized access to our
services may cause us to misstate key performance indicators, which once discovered, corrected, and disclosed, could undermine
investor confidence in the integrity of our key performance indicators and could cause our stock price to drop significantly.
 
We have in the past been, and continue to be, impacted by attempts by third parties to manipulate and exploit our software for
the purpose of gaining unauthorized access to our service. For example, we have detected instances of third parties seeking to provide
mobile device users a means to suppress advertisements without payment and gain access to features only available to the ad-supported
services. If in the future we fail to successfully detect and address such issues, it may have artificial effects on our key performance
indicators, such as content hours, content hours per monthly active user (“MAU”), and MAUs, which underlie, among other things, our
contractual obligations with advertisers, as well as harm our relationship with them. This may impact our results of operations,
particularly with respect to margins on our ad-supported segment, by increasing our ad-supported cost of revenue without a
corresponding increase to our ad-supported revenue, which could seriously harm our business. Additionally, unlike our ad-supported
users, individuals using unauthorized versions of our application are unlikely to convert to paid members. Moreover, once we detect
and correct such unauthorized access and any key performance indicators it affects, investor confidence in the integrity of our key
performance indicators could be undermined. These could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and
financial condition. 
 
36

--- PAGE 49 ---
 
 
We are at risk of artificial manipulation of stream counts and failure to effectively manage and remediate such fraudulent
streams could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Fraudulent streams and
potentially associated fraudulent user accounts or artists may cause us to overstate key performance indicators, which once
discovered, corrected and disclosed, could undermine investor confidence in the integrity of our key performance indicators and
could cause our stock price to drop significantly.
 
We have in the past been, and continue to be, impacted by attempts by third parties to artificially manipulate stream counts.
Such attempts may, for example, be designed to influence placement of content on Slacker-created playlists or industry music charts.
These potentially fraudulent streams also may involve the creation of non-bona fide user accounts or artists. For example, an individual
might generate fake users to stream songs repeatedly, thereby generating revenue each time the song is streamed, or might utilize fake
users to stream specific content to increase its visibility on our or third-party charts. We use a combination of algorithms and manual
review by employees to detect fraudulent streams. However, we may not be successful in detecting, removing and addressing all
fraudulent streams (and any related user accounts). If in the future we fail to successfully detect, remove and address fraudulent streams
and associated user accounts, it may result in the manipulation of our data, including the key performance indicators which underlie,
among other things, our contractual obligations with advertisers (which could expose us to the risk of litigation), as well as harm our
relationships with advertisers and rights holders. In addition, once we detect, correct and disclose fraudulent streams and associated
user accounts and the key performance indicators they affect, investor confidence in the integrity of our key performance indicators
could be undermined. These could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
 
Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived
inaccuracies in those metrics may seriously harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business.
 
We regularly review key metrics related to the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, our ad-supported
MAUs, content hours, content hours per MAU, MAUs and paid members, to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance and
make strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated using internal company data and have not been validated by an independent third
party. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of
measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our services are used across large populations globally. For example, we
believe that there are individuals who have multiple Slacker accounts, which can result in an overstatement of ad-supported MAUs and
MAUs.
 
Errors or inaccuracies in our metrics or data could result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies. For instance, if a
significant understatement or overstatement of ad-supported MAUs and MAUs were to occur, we may expend resources to implement
unnecessary business measures or fail to take required actions to attract a sufficient number of users to satisfy our growth strategies.
 
In addition, advertisers generally rely on third-party measurement services to calculate our metrics, and these third-party
measurement services may not reflect our true audience. Some of our demographic data also may be incomplete or inaccurate because
Users self-report their names and dates of birth. Consequently, the personal data we have may differ from our users’ actual names and
ages. If advertisers, partners, or investors do not perceive our user, geographic or other demographic metrics to be accurate
representations of our user base, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our user, geographic or other demographic metrics, our
reputation may be seriously harmed, which could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
 
Our business is subject to a variety of laws around the world. Government regulation of the Internet is evolving and any
changes in government regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business or other unfavorable developments may
adversely affect our business, operating result, and financial condition.
 
We are a U.S.-based company that is registered under the laws of the State of Delaware, and with operations in certain
countries and territories around the world. As a result of the scope of our operations, we are subject to a variety of laws in different
countries. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting. It also
is likely that if our business grows and evolves and our solutions are used more globally, we will become subject to laws and
regulations in additional jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how existing laws will be applied to our business and the new laws to
which we may become subject.
 
37

--- PAGE 50 ---
 
 
We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to the Internet. Such laws and
regulations include, but are not limited to, labor, advertising and marketing, real estate, taxation, user privacy, data collection and
protection, intellectual property, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, foreign exchange controls, antitrust and competition,
electronic contracts, telecommunications, sales procedures, automatic membership renewals, credit card processing procedures,
consumer protections, broadband Internet access and content restrictions. We cannot guarantee that we have been or will be fully
compliant in every jurisdiction in which we are subject to regulation, as existing laws and regulations governing issues such as
intellectual property, privacy, taxation, and consumer protection, among others, are constantly changing. The adoption or modification
of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in
which we currently conduct our business. For example, certain jurisdictions have implemented or are contemplating implementing laws
which may negatively impact our automatic renewal structure or our free or discounted trial incentives. Further, compliance with laws,
regulations, and other requirements imposed upon our business may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. 
 
Moreover, as Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by U.S. federal and state agencies and other
international regulators becomes more likely and may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional
burdens on us. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the Internet, including
laws limiting Internet neutrality, could decrease user demand for our services and increase our cost of doing business. Future
regulations, or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or applications, also could hinder our operational
flexibility, raise compliance costs, and result in additional historical or future liabilities for us, resulting in material adverse impacts on
our business, operating results and financial condition.
 
We plan to expand into international markets in the 2023 fiscal year, which would subject us to risks associated with the
legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to such markets, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
We intend to expand the international presence of our platform into various jurisdictions abroad by offering our platform
directly to international users, as well as through joint ventures and partnerships. Accordingly, we expect to face additional risks in the
case of our future international operations, including:
 
●
political instability, adverse changes in diplomatic relations and unfavorable economic and business conditions in the
markets in which we plan to have international operations or into which we may expand, particularly in the case of
emerging markets;
 
●
more restrictive or otherwise unfavorable government regulation of the live streaming entertainment industries, which
could result in increased compliance costs and/or otherwise restrict the manner in which we provide services and the
amount of related fees charged for such services;
 
●
limitations on the enforcement of our intellectual property rights;
 
●
limitations on the ability of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate profits or otherwise remit earnings;
 
●
adverse tax consequences due both to the complexity of operating across multiple tax regimes as well as changes in, or
new interpretations of, international tax treaties and structures;
 
●
expropriations of property and risks of renegotiation or modification of existing agreements with governmental
authorities;
 
●
diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in foreign countries;
 
●
limitations on technology infrastructure, which could limit our ability to migrate international operations to a common
platform;
 
●
lower levels of internet usage, credit card usage and consumer spending in comparison to those in the United States; and
 
●
difficulties in managing operations and adapting to consumer desires due to distance, language and cultural differences,
including issues associated with (i) business practices and customs that are common in certain foreign countries but might
be prohibited by United States law and our internal policies and procedures, and (ii) management and operational systems

--- PAGE 51 ---
and infrastructures, including internal financial control and reporting systems and functions, staffing and managing of
foreign operations, which we might not be able to do effectively or cost-efficiently.
 
38

--- PAGE 52 ---
 
 
As we hope to expand into new markets these risks will be intensified and will have the potential to impact a greater
percentage of our business and operating results. Our ability to expand our operations into new international jurisdictions will depend,
in significant part, on our ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint venture or other partners, and enter into arrangements
with these parties on favorable terms, as well as our ability to make continued investments to maintain and grow existing international
operations. If the revenue generated by international operations is insufficient to offset expenses incurred in connection with the
maintenance and growth of these operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected. In addition, in an effort to make international operations in one or more given jurisdictions profitable over the long
term, significant additional investments that are not profitable over the short term could be required over a prolonged period.
 
In foreign countries in which we operate, a risk exists that our employees, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our
policies, engage in business practices prohibited by applicable United States laws and regulations, such as the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws and regulations of other countries prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials such
as the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices. Nevertheless, the risk remains that
one or more of our employees, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such
United States laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, as well as those associated with
newly-acquired businesses, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs
and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could result in
fines, criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
   
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected, or in the future should collect sales and use or
similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future tax, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
 
In general, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use or other similar taxes in any jurisdictions in which we do
not have a tax nexus, in reliance on court decisions or applicable exemptions that restrict or preclude the imposition of obligations to
collect such taxes with respect to online sales of our products. In addition, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use or
other similar taxes in certain jurisdictions in which we do have a physical presence, in reliance on applicable exemptions. On June 21,
2018, the U.S. Supreme Court decided, in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., that state and local jurisdictions may, at least in certain
circumstances, enforce a sales and use tax collection obligation on remote vendors that have no physical presence in such jurisdiction.
A number of states have already begun, or have positioned themselves to begin, requiring sales and use tax collection by remote
vendors and/or by online marketplaces. The details and effective dates of these collection requirements vary from state to state. We are
in the process of determining how and when our collection practices will need to change in the relevant jurisdictions. It is possible that
one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes,
and if such an assertion or assertions were successful it could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales taxes and
penalties and interest, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
 
Our success depends, in significant part, on discretionary consumer and corporate spending on entertainment and factors
adversely affecting such spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
 
Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to discretionary consumer and
corporate spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as employment, interest and tax rates
and inflation can significantly impact our operating results. Business conditions, as well as various industry conditions, including
corporate marketing and promotional spending and interest levels, can also significantly impact our operating results. These factors can
affect user membership sales, advertising sales, sponsorship and e-commerce spending, as well as the financial results of sponsors of
our venues, events, festivals and other Content Providers and the industry as a whole. Negative factors such as challenging economic
conditions, public concerns over terrorism and security incidents, particularly when combined, can impact corporate and consumer
spending, and one negative factor can impact our results more than another. There can be no assurance that consumer and corporate
spending will not be adversely impacted by current economic conditions, or by any further or future deterioration in economic
conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth.
 
39

--- PAGE 53 ---
 
 
During past economic slowdowns and recessions, many consumers reduced their discretionary spending and advertisers
reduced their advertising expenditures. In addition, a decline in attendance at or reduction in the number of live entertainment and
leisure events may have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating income. The impact of economic slowdowns on our business is
difficult to predict, but they may result in reductions in sponsorship, advertising, ticketing and e-commerce opportunities and our ability
to generate revenue. The risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession,
which may be accompanied by a decrease in attendance at live entertainment and leisure events.
 
We are subject to governmental regulation, which may change from to time, and our failure to comply with these regulations
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to federal, state and local
laws, statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures, both domestically and internationally, which may change from time to time.
Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and proceedings against us by governmental agencies and
consumers, which if material, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the
promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations could restrict or unfavorably impact our business, which could decrease demand for
services, reduce revenue, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. From time to time, federal, state and local authorities
and consumers commence investigations, inquiries or litigation with respect to our compliance with applicable consumer protection,
advertising, unfair business practice, antitrust (and similar or related laws) and other laws. We may be required to incur significant legal
expenses in connection with the defense of future governmental investigations and litigation.
 
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including regulations or
decisions by the FCC impacting net neutrality, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. See
“— Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact
our business” below. Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their
networks have been implemented in many countries, including the United States and the EU. In others, the laws may be nascent or non-
existent. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially
significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices
that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
  
Risks Related to Our Company
 
For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting during such periods. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and
internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis or prevent fraud
could be impaired, and the market price of our securities may be negatively affected.
 
Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with
adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any
testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), or the
subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, if and when required, may reveal additional deficiencies in
our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive
changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. For our fiscal years ended
March 31, 2022 and 2021, our management conducted an assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control
over financial reporting and concluded that they were ineffective for each of such periods, due to the existence of certain material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis.
 
40

--- PAGE 54 ---
 
 
In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022, management
identified material weaknesses in the following: (i) management’s identification of and accounting for significant and unusual
transactions; specifically over measurement period adjustments related to business combinations and the accounting for modifications
of complex debt instruments, including review of valuation reports and key underlying assumptions; and (ii) revenue recognition and
accounting for royalties, including the identification and testing of certain application controls within its information systems around
the provisioning of accounts and tracking of related revenue and royalty expense, as well as the completeness and accuracy of key
revenue and royalty reports used in the operation of certain control activities.
 
In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021, management
identified material weakness in the following: (i) our controls related to the preparation of the financial statements were not adequately
designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of amounts and disclosures and the classification between current and noncurrent
liabilities, resulting in errors; (ii) our controls relating to proper evaluation and accounting of certain features embedded in complex
debt and equity instruments. Specifically, we did not have sufficient technical resources to appropriately identify and evaluate certain
features that require instruments or features to be accounted for as liabilities remeasured at fair value; (iii) our controls were not
adequately designed to allow management to identify errors in the accounting for business combinations. Specifically, these
deficiencies resulted in errors related to the determination of purchase consideration, the classification of earnouts, and identification of
income tax assets and liabilities resulting from business combinations; and (iv) our automated application controls and manual controls
relating to revenue and inventory of our recently acquired subsidiary, including the posting of these transactions, sales returns,
inventory overhead allocations, and inventory cutoff were not adequately designed, which could have resulted in a material
misstatement.
 
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 we failed to remediate any of the material weaknesses identified during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. We may need to expend significant financial resources to
remediate these material weaknesses. Beyond fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we may not be able to remediate any current or future
material weaknesses.
 
If we are unable to establish and maintain proper and effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements.
 
If in the future we identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, including at some of our
acquired companies, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective, or if and when applicable, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to
express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could
become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are then listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities,
which could require additional financial and management resources. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock.
 
We will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company.
 
As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Following the Public
Offering, we will be subject to mandatory reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”), which require, among other things, that we continue to file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our
business and financial condition, that we were not required to file as a voluntary reporting company (though we did file such reports
with the SEC on a voluntary basis). We have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the preparation and filing of these
SEC reports. Furthermore, we are subject to additional corporate governance and other compliance requirements as a result of our
shares of common stock being listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”). In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules
subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Nasdaq have imposed
various other requirements on public companies. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of
government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to
additional compliance costs and impact (in ways we cannot currently anticipate) the manner in which we operate our business. Our
management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules
and regulations have and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-
consuming and costly. For example, we will incur additional expense to increase our director and officer liability insurance.
 
41

--- PAGE 55 ---
 
 
We are required to furnish a report on internal control over financial reporting issued by management. Such report is provided
as part of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. In addition, if and when we cease to be a smaller
reporting company and become subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to furnish an attestation report
on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To remain in compliance with
Section 404, we will continue to be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which
is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to dedicate substantially greater internal resources, potentially engage
outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting,
continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and
implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a
risk that our independent registered public accounting firm, when required, will not be able to conclude within the prescribed
timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 
We heavily depend on relationships with our Content Providers and other Industry Stakeholders and adverse changes in
these relationships, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our business is particularly dependent upon personal relationships, as executives within entertainment companies such as ours
leverage their network of relationships with Content Providers and other Industry Stakeholders to secure the rights to their content and
develop other partnerships that are critical to our success. Due to the importance of those industry contacts, the loss of any of these
relationships, and adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We can give no assurance that all or any of these Content Providers or other Industry Stakeholders will retain their
associations with us or our executives, directors, employees or other individual service providers. Additionally, to the extent the
decision makers of our music partners are replaced with individuals with whom our executives, directors or other key personnel do not
have relationships, our competitive position and financial condition could be harmed.
 
We rely on key members of management, particularly our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert Ellin, and
our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Controller, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary, Aaron Sullivan, and the
loss of their services or investor confidence in them could adversely affect our success, development and financial condition.
 
Our success depends, to a large degree, upon certain key members of our management, particularly our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, Robert Ellin, and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Controller, Interim Treasurer and Interim
Secretary, Aaron Sullivan. Each of Messrs. Ellin and Sullivan have extensive knowledge about our business and our operations, and the
loss of either of them or any other key member of our senior management (including senior management of Slacker) would likely have
a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We do not currently maintain a key-person insurance policy for either of
Messrs. Ellin or Sullivan or any other member of our management. Our executive team’s expertise and experience in acquiring,
integrating and growing businesses, particularly those focused on live music and events, have been and will continue to be a significant
factor in our growth and ability to execute our business strategy. The loss of any of our executive officers could slow the growth of our
business or have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
 
Rising inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs of labor, equipment and other costs beyond what we can
recover through price increases.
 
Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of labor, technology, equipment and other costs required to operate
and grow our business. The United States is experiencing high levels of inflation, which may depress consumer demand for our
services and reduce our profitability if we are unable to raise prices enough to keep up with increases in our costs. Inflationary
pressures have resulted in increases in salaries and the cost of certain equipment and technology necessary for the production of our
services, and such increases may continue to impact us in the future. Accordingly, we are exposed to risks associated with significant
levels of cost inflation. If we are unable to increase our prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, operating results, and
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
 
42

--- PAGE 56 ---
 
 
Unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of
operations.
 
Our results may be affected by the outcome of future litigation. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings may have a
negative impact on us that may be greater or smaller depending on the nature of the rulings. In addition, from time to time in the future
we may be subject to various claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal) or
lawsuits by governmental agencies or private parties, including as described in the immediately preceding risk factor. For example, see
“Item 3. Legal Proceedings” regarding our ongoing litigation with Wantickets’ principal. If the results of these investigations,
proceedings or suits are unfavorable to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third party lawsuits, we may be required to
pay monetary damages or may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions or other censure that could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or
proceeding or successfully defend a third-party lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management
resources to address these issues, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our debt agreements contain restrictive and financial covenants that may limit our operating flexibility and our substantial
indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. 
 
We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Our total outstanding consolidated indebtedness as of  March 31, 2022
was $26.7 million net of fees and including any premiums or discounts. While we have certain restrictions and covenants with our
current indebtedness, we could in the future incur additional indebtedness beyond such amount. Our existing debt agreements with our
senior secured lender and the holders of the Harvest Notes contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to merge with other
companies or consummate certain changes of control, make certain investments, pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common
stock, transfer or dispose of assets, or enter into various specified transactions. We therefore may not be able to engage in any of the
foregoing transactions unless we obtain the consent of the holders of the Harvest Notes or terminate our existing debt agreements. Our
debt agreements also contain certain financial covenants, including maintaining a minimum cash amount at all times and achieving
certain financial covenants and are secured by substantially all of our assets. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate
sufficient cash flow or sales to meet the financial covenants or pay the principal and interest under our debt agreements or to satisfy all
of the financial covenants. We may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. 
 
Our substantial debt combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments could have other significant
adverse consequences, including:
 
●
requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of interest on, and principal of,
our debt, which will reduce the amounts available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development
efforts and other general corporate purposes;
 
●
increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and market conditions;
 
●
obligating us to restrictive covenants that may reduce our ability to take certain corporate actions or obtain further debt or
equity financing;
 
●
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; and
 
●
placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or better debt servicing options.
 
43

--- PAGE 57 ---
 
 
We intend to satisfy our current and future debt service obligations with our existing cash and cash equivalents and funds from
external sources, including equity and/or debt financing. However, we may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for
additional financing to pay the amounts due under our existing debt. Funds from external sources may not be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. In the event of an acceleration of amounts due under our debt instruments as a result of an event of default, including
upon the occurrence of an event that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operations,
properties, assets or condition or a failure to pay any amount due, we may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for
additional financing to repay our indebtedness or to make any accelerated payments. 
 
We may not have the ability to repay the amounts then due to our senior secured lender or the holders of the Harvest Notes
and/or unsecured convertible notes at maturity.
 
At maturity, the entire outstanding principal amount of the senior secured notes, Harvest Notes and convertible notes will
become due and payable by us. As of March 31, 2022, $12,000 of our total indebtedness (excluding interest and unamortized debt
discount and debt issuance costs) is due in fiscal 2023, and $26.6 million thereafter.
 
Our failure to repay any outstanding amount of the Harvest Notes or convertible notes would constitute a default under such
indentures. A default would increase the interest rate to the default rate under the Harvest Notes or the maximum rate permitted by
applicable law until such amount is paid in full. A default under the Harvest Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a
default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after
any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the Harvest Notes or convertible notes or make cash
payments thereon. Furthermore, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default, the agent, for the benefit of
the holders of the Harvest Notes, shall have the right to, among other things, take possession of our and our subsidiaries’ assets and
property constituting the collateral thereunder and the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the collateral.
We do not have the right to prepay the Harvest Notes prior to their maturity.
 
If we do not comply with the provisions of the senior credit facility and the Harvest Notes, our lenders may terminate their
obligations to us and require us to repay all outstanding amounts owed thereunder.
 
The senior credit facility and the Harvest Notes contain provisions that limit our operating activities, including covenants
relating to a requirement to maintain a certain amount of cash (as defined in the senior credit facility loan agreement) and of Free Cash
(as defined in the Harvest Notes). If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders may among other things, terminate their
obligations thereunder and require us to repay all amounts thereunder. As of March 31, 2022, we were in full compliance with these
covenants.
 
We may incur substantially more debt or take other actions that would intensify the risks discussed above.
 
In addition to our current outstanding debt and notes, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt, subject to
restrictions contained in our existing and future debt instruments, some or all of which may be secured debt. In August 2020, we repaid
in full our senior secured convertible debentures, and in September 2020 we issued 8.5% Senior Secured Convertible Notes in the
aggregate principal amount of $15.0 million due September 15, 2022, which were subsequently extended until June 3, 2023 (the
“Harvest Notes”). In June 2021, we entered into a revolving senior credit facility, collateralized by all of the assets of our Company and
our subsidiaries, which provides for up to $7.0 million in borrowing capacity, and the holders of the Harvest Notes agreed to
subordinate their debt to the senior credit facility lender. The Harvest Notes and the senior credit facility contain certain restrictive
covenants that limit our ability to merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, make certain investments,
pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock, transfer or dispose of assets or enter into various specified transactions. We
therefore may not be able to engage in any of the foregoing transactions unless we obtain the consent of the lender or terminate our
existing debt agreements. The Harvest Notes and the senior credit facility also contain certain covenants, including maintaining a
minimum free cash amount at all times and are secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiaries’ assets.
 
44

--- PAGE 58 ---
 
 
We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business operations to make payments on our indebtedness.
 
Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our
performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate
cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to
generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt and/or
obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. In the event of an acceleration of amounts due
under our debt instruments as a result of an event of default, including upon the occurrence of an event that would reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, properties, assets or condition or a failure to pay any amount
due, we may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to repay our indebtedness or to make any
accelerated payments. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow or sales to meet the financial
covenants or pay the principal and interest under our debt agreements or to satisfy all of the financial covenants. Our ability to
refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Capital markets have been
volatile in the recent past; a downturn could negatively impact our ability to access capital should the need arise. As a result, the
inability to meet our debt obligations could cause us to default on those obligations. Any such defaults could materially harm our
financial condition and liquidity.
 
The conditional conversion feature of our convertible notes or the Subordinated Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect
our financial condition and operating results, particularly our earnings per share.
 
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Subordinated Notes or convertible notes is triggered, holders, as
applicable, will be entitled to convert at any time during specified periods at their option. In addition, even if holders do not elect to
convert the Subordinated Notes or convertible notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a
portion of the outstanding principal of the Subordinated Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which may result in a
material reduction of our net working capital and potential impact on our going concern status. Any conversion of the Subordinated
Notes and/or convertible notes in shares of our common stock may cause dilution to our earnings per share.
 
Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict in the future, and our stock price may decline if
we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.
 
Our revenue, margins and other operating results could vary significantly in the future from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year
and may fail to match our past performance due to a variety of factors, including many factors that are outside of our control, including,
as a result of our acquisition of React Presents in February 2020, PodcastOne in July 2020, CPS in December 2020, and Gramophone
in October 2021, and our entry into holding, promoting and managing our live festivals and events, podcasting and the merchandise
personalization industry. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results and cause the market price of our
common stock to fluctuate include:
 
●
the entrance of new competitors or competitive products in our market, whether by established or new companies;
 
●
our ability to retain and grow the number of our active user base and increase engagement among new and existing users;
 
●
our ability to maintain effective pricing practices, in response to the competitive markets in which we operate or other
macroeconomic factors, such as inflation or increased product taxes;
 
●
our revenue mix, which drives gross profit;
 
●
seasonal or other shifts in festival, event, advertising and CPS revenue;
 
●
the timing of the launch of our new or updated festivals, events, products, platforms, channels, podcasts or features;
 
●
the addition or loss of popular content or talent;
 
45

--- PAGE 59 ---
 
 
●
the popularity of EDM and EDM festivals, events, concerts and clubs;
 
●
the popularity of podcasts and specifically our podcast content;
 
●
continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our quarterly and annual results;
 
●
an increase in costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, defending against third-party intellectual property
infringement allegations or procuring rights to third-party intellectual property. 
 
Our gross margins are expected to vary across our offerings. Festival and event revenue have a lower gross margin compared
to platform revenue derived through our arrangements with advertising, content distribution, billing and licensing activities. In addition,
our gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be adversely impacted as a result of a shift in
music taste, geographic or sales mix, price competition, or the introduction of new technology and EDM festivals and events. We may
in the future strategically reduce our Slacker gross margin in an effort to increase our active accounts and/or maintain our OEM
relationships and agreements. As a result, our membership revenue may not increase as consistently as it has historically, or at all, and,
unless we are able to adequately increase our other revenues, including festival and event revenue through RP, and grow our active user
base, we may be unable to maintain or grow our margins and revenues and our business will be harmed. If a reduction in margins does
not result in an increase in our active user base and revenues, our financial results may suffer, and our business may be harmed.
 
We may not be able to attract qualified personnel.
 
Our ability to expand operations to accommodate our anticipated growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel. However, competition for the types of employees we seek is intense. We face particular challenges in recruiting
and retaining personnel who have experience in software engineering, mobile application development and other technical expertise,
particularly those focused on live music and events, which is critical to our initiatives. Our ability to meet our business development
objectives will depend in part on our ability to recruit, train and retain top quality personnel with advanced skills who understand our
technology and business. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to attract qualified personnel to execute our business
strategies or develop and expand our online properties. If we are unable to engage and retain the necessary personnel, our business may
be materially and adversely affected.
 
Additionally, we expect to retain the existing managers and executives of certain companies we acquire to have them continue
managing and operating the acquired business. We believe that these individuals will have the market expertise and network of personal
relationships to best implement the growth strategies of the acquired businesses. If we are unable to retain the key personnel of the
acquired businesses, we may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits and synergies of an acquisition.
 
46

--- PAGE 60 ---
 
 
We engage a number of consultants to work for us. If the consultants that we utilize are characterized as employees and if
we are deemed to be delinquent in our payroll taxes or incur other employment-related liabilities with respect to those consultants,
we and our management team could incur significant liabilities.
 
We engage a number of consultants to work for us in various aspects of our business. Although we believe that the consultants
that we utilize in our business, as is customary to do so in our business, are properly characterized as independent contractors, tax or
other regulatory authorities may in the future challenge our characterization of independent contractors. We are aware of a number of
judicial decisions and legislative proposals that could bring about major reforms in worker classification,  including the California
legislature’s recent passage of California Assembly Bill 5 (“AB 5”). AB 5 purports to codify a new test for determining worker
classification that is widely viewed as expanding the scope of employee relationships and narrowing the scope of independent
contractor relationships. Given AB 5’s recent passage, there is no guidance from the regulatory authorities charged with its
enforcement, and there is a significant degree of uncertainty regarding its application. In addition, AB 5 has been the subject of
widespread national discussion and it is possible that other jurisdictions, including New York, may enact similar laws. If such
regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine that our recording artists and songwriters are employees, and
not independent contractors, we would be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay Social Security, Medicare and similar
taxes and to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes. We would also be liable for unpaid past taxes and subject to penalties.
As a result, any determination that our consultants are our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition to the taxes that we would be required to pay if we were required to remit payroll taxes
for our consultants, and the payments that we would be required to make for other employment-related obligations, our operations
would be severely disrupted and individual officers or members of our board of directors could be personally liable for certain of any
assessments made. A government entity could potentially shut down our operations until such time as the payroll taxes were brought
current. Such a shutdown could effectively push us into bankruptcy and an investor could lose all his or her investment in us.
 
We depend upon third-party licenses for sound recordings and musical compositions and an adverse change to, loss of, or
claim that we do not hold any necessary licenses may materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition.
 
To secure the rights to stream content, we enter into license agreements to obtain licenses from rights holders such as record
labels, aggregators, artists, music publishers, performing rights organizations, collecting societies, podcasters and podcast networks,
and other copyright owners or their agents, and pay royalties or other consideration to such parties or their agents around the world. We
cannot guarantee that our efforts to obtain all necessary licenses to stream content will be successful, nor that the licenses available to
us now will continue to be available in the future at rates and on terms that are favorable or commercially reasonable or at all. The
terms of these licenses, including the royalty rates that we are required to pay pursuant to them, may change as a result of changes in its
bargaining power, the industry, laws and regulations, or for other reasons. Increases in royalty rates or changes to other terms of these
licenses may materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition.
  
We enter into license agreements to obtain rights to stream sound recordings, including from the major record labels who hold
the rights to stream a significant number of sound recordings, such as Universal Music Group, Sony Music Entertainment, and Warner
Music Group, as well as others. If we fail to obtain these licenses, the size and quality of its catalog may be materially impacted and its
business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed.
  
We generally obtain licenses for two types of rights with respect to musical compositions: mechanical rights and public
performance rights. With respect to mechanical rights, for example, in the United States, the rates we pay are, to a significant degree, a
function of a ratemaking proceeding conducted by an administrative agency called the Copyright Royalty Board. The rates that the
Copyright Royalty Board set apply both to compositions that we license under the compulsory license in Section 115 of the Copyright
Act of 1976 (the “Copyright Act”), and to a number of direct licenses that we have with music publishers for U.S. rights, in which the
applicable rate is generally pegged to the statutory rate set by the Copyright Royalty Board. The rates set by the Copyright Royalty
Board are also subject to further change as part of any future Copyright Royalty Board proceedings. If any such rate change increases
Slacker’s content acquisition costs and impacts its ability to obtain content on pricing terms favorable to us, it could negatively harm
our business, operating results and financial condition and hinder its ability to provide interactive features in its services, or cause one
or more of our services not to be economically viable.
 
47

--- PAGE 61 ---
 
 
In the United States, public performance rights are generally obtained through intermediaries known as performing rights
organizations (“PROs”), which negotiate blanket licenses with copyright users for the public performance of compositions in their
repertory, collect royalties under such licenses, and distribute those royalties to copyright owners. The royalty rates available to Slacker
today may not be available to it in the future. Licenses provided by two of these PROs, the American Society of Composers, Authors
and Publishers (“ASCAP”) and Broadcast Music, Inc. (“BMI”), cover the majority of the music we stream and are governed by consent
decrees relating to  decades old  litigations. In  2019, the U.S. Department of Justice indicated that it was formally reviewing the
relevance and need of these consent decrees. Changes to the terms of or interpretation of these consent decrees up to and including the
dissolution of the consent decrees, could affect our ability to obtain licenses from these PROs on reasonable terms, which could harm
its business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, an increase in the number of compositions that must be licensed
from PROs that are not subject to the consent decrees, or from copyright owners that have withdrawn public performance rights from
the PROs, could likewise impede Slacker’s ability to license public performance rights on favorable terms. As of March 31, 2022, we
owed $1.2 million in aggregate royalty payments to such PROs.
 
In other parts of the world, including Europe, Asia, and Latin America, we obtain mechanical and performance licenses for
musical compositions either through local collecting societies representing publishers or from publishers directly, or a combination
thereof. We cannot guarantee that our licenses with collecting societies and its direct licenses with publishers provide full coverage for
all of the musical compositions we make available to our users in such countries. In Asia and Latin America, we are seeing a trend of
movement away from blanket licenses from copyright collectives, which is leading to a fragmented copyright licensing landscape.
Publishers, songwriters, and other rights holders choosing not to be represented by collecting societies could adversely impact our
ability to secure favorable licensing arrangements in connection with musical compositions that such rights holders own or control,
including increasing the costs of licensing such musical compositions, or subjecting us to significant liability for copyright
infringement.
 
With respect to podcasts and other non-music content, we produce or commission the content itself or obtain distribution
rights directly from rights holders. In the former scenario, we employ various business models to create original content. In the latter
scenario, we and/or PodcastOne negotiates license directly with individuals that enable creators to post content directly to our service
after agreeing to comply with the applicable terms and conditions. We are dependent on those who provide content on its service
complying with the terms and conditions of its license agreements as well as the PodcastOne Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms
and Conditions of Use”). However, we cannot guarantee that rights holders or content providers will comply with their obligations, and
such failure to do so may materially impact its business, operating results, and financial condition.
 
There is also no guarantee that we have all of the licenses it needs to stream content, as the process of obtaining such licenses
involves many rights holders, some of whom are unknown, and myriad complex legal issues across many jurisdictions, including open
questions of law as to when and whether particular licenses are needed. Additionally, there is a risk that rights holders, creators,
performers, writers and their agents, or societies, unions, guilds, or legislative or regulatory bodies will create or attempt to create new
rights or regulations that could require Slacker to enter into license agreements with, and pay royalties to, newly defined groups of
rights holders, some of which may be difficult or impossible to identify.
  
Even when we are able to enter into license agreements with rights holders, it cannot guarantee that such agreements will
continue to be renewed indefinitely. For example, from time to time, our license agreements with certain rights holders and/or their
agents expire while we negotiate their renewals and, per industry custom and practice, we may enter into brief (for example, month-,
week-, or even days-long) extensions of those agreements or provisional licenses and/or continue to operate on an at will basis as if the
license agreement had been extended, including by our continuing to make content available. During these periods, we may not have
assurance of long-term access to such rights holders’ content, which could have a material adverse effect on its business and could lead
to potential copyright infringement claims.
  
It is also possible that such agreements will never be renewed at all. The lack of renewal, or termination, of one or more of our
license agreements, or the renewal of a license agreement on less favorable terms, could have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition, and results of operations.   
 
48

--- PAGE 62 ---
 
 
Difficulties in obtaining accurate and comprehensive information necessary to identify the compositions embodied in
sound recordings on Slacker’s services and the ownership thereof may impact Slacker’s ability to perform its obligations under its
licenses, affect the size of its catalog, impact its ability to control content acquisition costs, and lead to potential copyright
infringement claims.
 
Comprehensive and accurate ownership information for the musical compositions embodied in sound recordings is often
unavailable to Slacker or difficult or, in some cases, impossible for Slacker to obtain, sometimes because it is withheld by the owners or
administrators of such rights. Slacker currently relies on the assistance of third parties to determine this information. If the information
provided to Slacker or obtained by such third parties does not comprehensively or accurately identify the ownership of musical
compositions, or if Slacker is unable to determine which musical compositions correspond to specific sound recordings, it may be
difficult or impossible to identify the appropriate rights holders to whom to pay royalties. This may make it difficult to comply with the
obligations of any agreements with those rights holders.
 
In the United States, Slacker also relies on the assistance of third parties to issue notices of intent (“NOIs”) to obtain a
compulsory license under Section 115 of the Copyright Act to those copyright owners with whom we do not have a direct license
agreement or, in the case of unknown copyright owners, to the United States Copyright Office. The lack of comprehensive and accurate
ownership information or the inability to determine which musical compositions correspond to specific sound recordings can cause
difficulties in issuing NOIs to the correct parties (including the United States Copyright Office) or serving NOIs in a timely manner and
can otherwise cause difficulties in obtaining licenses. This could lead to a reduction of sound recordings available to be streamed on
Slacker’s services, adversely impacting its ability to retain and expand its user base, and could make it difficult to ensure that Slacker is
fully licensed.
 
These challenges, and others concerning the licensing of musical compositions embodied in sound recordings on Slacker’s
services, may subject Slacker to significant liability for copyright infringement, breach of contract or other claims. 
 
Risks Related to Our Acquisition Strategy
 
We can give no assurances as to when we will consummate any future acquisitions or whether we will consummate any of
them at all. 
 
We intend to continue to build our business through strategic acquisitions, such as the recently completed CPS acquisition and
pursue and consummate one or more additional acquisitions and to possibly use our remaining cash to fund any cash portion of the
consideration we will pay in connection with those acquisitions. However, such additional acquisitions, may be subject to conditions
and other impediments to closing, including some that are beyond our control, and we may not be able to close any of them
successfully. In addition, our future acquisitions will be required to be closed within certain timeframes as negotiated between us and
the acquisition target, and if we are unable to meet the closing deadlines for a given transaction, we may be required to forfeit payments
we have made, if any, be forced to renegotiate the transaction on less advantageous terms and could fail to consummate the transaction
at all.
 
If we are unable to close any future acquisition, it could significantly alter our business strategy and impede our prospects for
growth. If we are unable to successfully consummate a particular acquisition, we may not be able to stream desired live music content
on our network, produce and/or participate in the planned festivals or events or have ownership or licenses of the brands owned or
licensed by that acquisition target. Further, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates to replace these acquisitions,
and even if we were to do so, we may only be able to consummate them on less advantageous terms. In addition, some of the
businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from operations, which, in turn, could have a material and adverse impact on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
 
As shown by our acquisitions of Slacker, PodcastOne, CPS and Gramophone, acquisitions have been and will continue to be
an important component of our growth strategy; however, we will need to integrate these acquired businesses successfully in order for
our growth strategy to succeed and for us to become profitable. We expect that the management teams of the acquired businesses will
adopt our policies, procedures and best practices, and cooperate with each other in scheduling events, booking talent and in other
aspects of their operations. We may face difficulty in integrating the operations of any businesses we may acquire in the future, such as
coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and combining
different corporate cultures, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the inherent risks in entering
markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees, individual
service providers, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies.
 

--- PAGE 63 ---
49

--- PAGE 64 ---
 
 
In addition, our growth strategy also includes further development of our online live streamed music network that we intend to
integrate across all of our acquired businesses. This will require, among other things, the integration of the individual websites and
databases of each business we currently operate or will acquire in the future. This will be a complex undertaking that may prove more
difficult, expensive and time consuming than we currently expect. Even if we are able to achieve this integration, it may not achieve the
benefits we anticipate. If we fail to do this properly and in a timely manner, it could harm our revenue and relationship with our fans.
 
Further, we expect that future target companies may have material weaknesses in internal controls relating to the proper
application of accrual-based accounting under the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”)
prior to our acquiring them. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”) defines a material weakness as a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We will be relying
on the proper implementation of our policies and procedures to remedy any such material weaknesses, and prevent any potential
material misstatements in our financial reporting. Any such misstatement could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock,
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, and subject us to civil and criminal fines and penalties. If our
acquired companies fail to integrate in these important ways, or we fail to adequately understand the business operations of our
acquired companies, our growth and financial results could suffer. 
 
A number of other companies are seeking to make acquisitions in our industry, which may make our acquisition strategy
more difficult or expensive to pursue.
 
The emergence and growth of live streamed music, music events, festivals and concerts has brought increased media attention,
and a number of companies and investors have begun making acquisitions of such businesses or announced their intention to do so. We
compete with many of these companies, and certain of them have greater financial resources than we do for pursuing and
consummating acquisitions and to further develop and integrate acquired businesses. Our strategy relies on our ability to consummate
important future acquisitions to foster the growth of our core business and to establish ourselves as the key provider of streamed high-
quality live music content. The increased focus on acquisitions of such companies may impede our ability to acquire these companies
because they choose another acquirer. It could also increase the price that we must pay for these companies. Either of these outcomes
could reduce our growth, harm our business and prevent us from achieving our strategic goals.
   
We may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our
business and results of operations.
 
Our future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of additional businesses and assets. We may be unable to
identify suitable targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate,
our ability to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors, and may include our ability to obtain
financing on acceptable terms and requisite government approvals. In addition, any credit agreements or credit facilities that we may
enter into in the future may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions, we could take
certain actions that could adversely affect our business, including:
 
●
using a significant portion of our available cash;
 
●
issuing equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders’ percentage ownership;
 
●
incurring substantial debt;
 
●
incurring or assuming contingent liabilities, known or unknown;
 
●
incurring amortization expenses related to intangibles; and
 
●
incurring large accounting write-offs or impairments.
 
50

--- PAGE 65 ---
 
 
We may also enter into joint ventures, which involve certain unique risks, including, among others, risks relating to the lack of
full control of the joint venture, potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture,
conflicting interests of the joint venture, requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable.
 
In addition, we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or
acquisition opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment
opportunity. For example, instances of fraud, accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive
officers, directors and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition, we may fail to uncover all material issues relating
to such investment, including regarding the controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual
arrangements. We rely on our due diligence to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire, including such things as
potential or actual lawsuits, contractual obligations or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However, our due diligence
process may not uncover these liabilities, and where we identify a potential liability, we may incorrectly believe that we can
consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability. Therefore, it is possible that we could be subject to litigation
in respect of these acquired businesses. For example, see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” regarding our ongoing litigation with Wantickets
and its principal. If our due diligence fails to identify issues specific to an investment or acquisition, we may obtain a lower return from
that transaction than the investment would return or otherwise subject ourselves to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to
write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses.
Charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our shares of common stock. 
 
Risks Related to Technology and Intellectual Property
 
We rely heavily on technology to stream content and manage other aspects of our operations and on our Content
Management System (“CMS”). The failure of any of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our business.
 
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology. Our business substantially depends on our Slacker Radio
app, which offers a digital spin on the classic radio listening experience through free and membership-based access. Our business is
also substantially dependent on our LiveOne App, which includes live video streaming, live digital events, PPV events, VOD, push
notifications, festival-, venue- and original content-specific functionality, Google Ads capability, digital rights management (e.g., geo-
blocking), and the capability to display time-shifted content and enhanced function, and our PodcastOne App which offers users access
to our podcasts on their favorite device. PodcastOne relies heavily on its CMS. It utilizes a combination of its proprietary CMS
technology and third-party technology. Its business substantially depends on its CMS which allows it to manage its podcasts and
content offer listeners access to their favorite podcasts. We cannot be sure that the Slacker Radio app will continue to, or that the
LiveOneApp and/or the PodcastOne App or our CMS technology or any enhancements or other modifications we make in the future to
such technology or accompanying third-party technology or integration of such third-party technology will perform as intended. Future
enhancements and modifications to our technology could consume considerable resources. If we are unable to successfully develop,
maintain and enhance our technology to manage the streaming of live events in a timely and efficient manner, our ability to attract and
retain users may be impaired. In addition, if our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise
operates improperly, our ability to attract and retain users may be impaired. Also, any harm to our users’ personal computers or mobile
devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.
 
51

--- PAGE 66 ---
 
 
We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
 
We may be unable to detect unauthorized use of, or otherwise sufficiently protect, our intellectual property rights. We rely on a
combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, individual service providers, users, artists, suppliers and others
content licensors and Content Providers to establish and protect these proprietary rights. Despite these precautions, it may be possible
for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use proprietary information, trademarks, or copyrighted material without authorization
which, if discovered, might require legal action to correct. Furthermore, our recently acquired assets and the assets we may acquire in
connection with any future acquisitions (including brand names and trademark rights), may have been improperly adopted or
inadequately protected prior to our acquisitions of them. This could include failures to obtain assignments of ownership or
confidentiality agreements from third parties, failures to clear use of trademarks, or other failures to protect trademarks and other
proprietary rights. In addition, third parties may independently and lawfully develop similar intellectual property or duplicate our
services.
 
We will apply to register, or secure by contract when appropriate, our trademarks and service marks as they are developed and
used and reserve and register domain names as we deem appropriate. While we intend to vigorously protect our trademarks, service
marks and domain names as we deem appropriate, effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every
country in which we operate, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Similarly, not every
variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights in
a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in the erosion of brand names or the loss of rights to our
owned or licensed marks and limit our ability to control marketing on or through the Internet using our various domain names or
otherwise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the loss of, or inability
to otherwise obtain, rights to use third party trademarks and service marks, including the loss of exclusive rights to use third party
trademarks in territories where we present festivals, could adversely affect our business or otherwise result in competitive harm.
   
We 
currently 
own 
the 
www.liveone.com, 
www.livexlive.com, 
www.slacker.com, 
www.podcastone.com,
www.personalizedplanet.com, www.limogesjewelry.com, and various other domain names. Internet regulatory bodies generally
regulate domain names. If we lose the ability to use a domain name in a particular country, we would be forced either to incur
significant additional expenses to market our services within that country or, in extreme cases, to elect not to offer our services in that
country. Either result could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. The regulation of domain names in the United
States and in foreign countries is subject to change. Regulatory bodies could establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional
domain name registrars, or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we may not be able to acquire or maintain
the domain names that utilize our brand names in the United States or other countries in which we may conduct business in the future.
  
Litigation or proceedings before governmental authorities and administrative bodies may be necessary in the future to enforce
our intellectual property rights, to protect our patent rights, trademarks, trade secrets, and domain names and to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management time, each of which could substantially harm our operating results.
Additionally, changes in law may be implemented, or changes in interpretation of such laws may occur, that may affect our ability to
protect and enforce our patents and other intellectual property.
 
52

--- PAGE 67 ---
 
 
We may be accused of infringing upon intellectual property rights of third parties.
 
From time to time, we have been and may be in the future subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of
business, including claims of alleged infringement and other violations of the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual
property or proprietary rights of third parties. The legal proceedings and claims include notices provided to us by content owners of
users’ violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which obligate us to investigate and remove infringing user content from our
website.
  
Music contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we will
engage with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) that hold certain rights to music interests in connection with streaming
content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become
involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business.
Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation as well as negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories
could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally
withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach
such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs.
 
We also face a risk that content licensors may bring claims for copyright infringement or breach of contract if our users exceed
the scope of the content licenses. Certain live performance content may involve remixing and sampling of others’ music, and if our
content license agreements do not grant us or our users sufficient use rights, or if we facilitate the performance of music for which we
do not have a license, our distribution of such content could expose us to claims of copyright infringement. Due to the nature of our
business, we could be accused of infringing on the copyrights of Content Providers or other rights holders, or such persons could
attempt to prevent us from otherwise making certain content available to our users.
 
We may not be able to successfully defend against such claims, which may result in a limitation on our ability to use the
intellectual property subject to these claims and also might require us to enter into settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage
awards or face an injunction prohibiting us from using the affected intellectual property in connection with our services. Defending
ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly
litigation and may divert the attention of our management and technical personnel from the rest of our business. 
 
Our inability to obtain accurate and comprehensive information necessary to identify the musical works embodied in sound
recordings used in our services and/or the rights holders of such musical works, may impact our ability to perform our obligations
under our licenses from the rights holders, may require us to remove or decrease the number of recordings on our streaming music
services, and/or may subject us to potential copyright infringement claims.
 
We currently rely on the assistance of third parties to determine comprehensive and accurate rights holder information for the
musical works embodied in the sound recordings made available on our services. If the information provided to us or obtained by such
third parties does not comprehensively or accurately identify which composers, songwriters or publishers own or administer musical
works, or if we are unable to determine which musical works correspond to specific sound recordings, it may be difficult to identify the
appropriate rights holders from whom a license is required, to identify the applicable rights holders to pay and/or to comply with other
applicable terms and obligations of the licenses. Our failure to timely obtain licenses and/or comply with such terms or obligations may
subject us to significant liability for copyright infringement (and/or result in termination of certain licenses). Further, our inability to
accurately identify rights holders may prevent us from obtaining necessary licenses, which could lead to a reduction in the music
available to stream on our services, adversely impacting our ability to retain and expand our listener base.
  
In addition, music, Internet, technology, and media companies are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of
infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property rights. Many companies in these industries, including many
of our competitors, have substantially larger patent and intellectual property portfolios than we do, which could make us a target for
litigation as we may not be able to assert counterclaims against parties that sue us for patent, or other intellectual property infringement.
In addition, various ”non-practicing entities” that own patents and other intellectual property rights often attempt to aggressively assert
claims in order to extract value from technology companies. Further, from time to time we may introduce new products and services,
including in territories where we currently do not have an offering, which could increase our exposure to patent and other intellectual
property claims from competitors and  non-practicing  entities. It is difficult to predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual
property rights or any infringement or misappropriation claims arising from such assertions will substantially harm our business,
operating results, and financial condition. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they
are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and
financial resources on the defense of such claims. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay significant

--- PAGE 68 ---
damages, which may be even greater if we are found to have willfully infringed upon a party’s intellectual property; cease exploiting
copyrighted content that we have previously had the ability to exploit; cease using solutions that are alleged to infringe or
misappropriate the intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our solutions; enter into
potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, content, or materials;
indemnify our partners and other third parties; and/or take other actions that may have material effects on our business, operating
results, and financial condition.
  
53

--- PAGE 69 ---
 
 
Our live music streaming network uses open source software, and we license some of our software through open source
projects, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative
effect on our business.
 
We use open source software in connection with our website and our live music streaming network and may use open source
software in the future. The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign
courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or
restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services. Some open source software licenses require users who
distribute open source software as part of their own software product to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software
product or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Additionally, we may from
time to time face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software or derivative
works that we developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the
terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our software source
code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer
them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources, and
we may not be able to complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software
can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or
controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a
negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have assessed the use of open source software
on our website to ensure that we have not used open source software in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code to
the related technology, use requiring such disclosure could inadvertently occur and any requirement to disclose our proprietary source
code could be harmful to us. 
 
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely
impact our business.
 
We will rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the Internet. Changes in laws or regulations that
adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws impacting net neutrality, could decrease the demand for
our service and increase our cost of doing business. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including
meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating
expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. For example, in late 2010, Comcast informed Level
3 Communications that it would require Level 3 to pay for the ability to access Comcast’s network. Furthermore, to the extent network
operators were to create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers,
our business could be negatively impacted.
 
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the Internet also provide these consumers with multichannel
video programming. As such, companies like Comcast, Charter Spectrum and Cablevision have an incentive to use their network
infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. For example, Comcast exempted certain of its own Internet
video traffic (e.g., Streampix videos to the Xbox 360) from a bandwidth cap that applies to all unaffiliated Internet video traffic (e.g.,
Netflix videos to the Xbox 360). While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these
incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise
implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. In international markets,
especially in Latin America, these same incentives apply; however, the consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition may
not be as strong as in our domestic market.
  
The success of our business and operations depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructures, as well as
affiliate and third-party computer systems, Wi-Fi and other communication systems. System interruption and the lack of integration
and redundancy in these systems and infrastructures may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.
 
System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the information systems and infrastructures, both of our
own systems and other computer systems and of affiliate and third-party software, Wi-Fi and other communications systems service
providers on which we rely, may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to user
inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. Such interruptions could occur by virtue of natural disaster, malicious actions
such as hacking or acts of terrorism or war, or human error. In addition, the loss of some or all of certain key personnel could require us
to expend additional resources to continue to maintain our software and systems and could subject us to systems interruptions.
 

--- PAGE 70 ---
Although we maintain up to date information technology systems and network infrastructures for the operation of our
businesses, techniques used to gain unauthorized access to private networks are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to
anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to our systems and data. 
 
54

--- PAGE 71 ---
 
 
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to leverage our member data and compliance with privacy regulations could result
in significant expense.
 
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with merchandising our service to our users, we collect and
utilize data supplied by our users. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other
information to data collected on the Internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization
practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws, which limit our ability to use collected data, could have an adverse
effect on our business. As our business evolves and as we expand internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more
stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of user information, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or
practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur significant expenses.
 
In addition, we cannot fully control the actions of third parties who may have access to the user data we collect and the user
data collected by our third-party vendors. We may be unable to monitor or control such third parties and the third parties having access
to our website in their compliance with the terms of our privacy policies, terms of use, and other applicable contracts, and we may be
unable to prevent unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, user information. Any such misuse could hinder or prevent our efforts
with respect to growth opportunities and could expose us to liability or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, these third
parties may become the victim of security breaches or have practices that may result in a breach, and we could be responsible for those
third-party acts or failures to act. 
 
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us or the prior owners of acquired businesses to maintain the privacy of data relating to
our users (including disclosing data in a manner that was objectionable to our users), to comply with our posted privacy policies, our
predecessors’ posted policies, laws and regulations, rules of self-regulatory organizations, industry standards and contractual provisions
to which we or they may be bound, could result in the loss of confidence in us, or result in actions against us by governmental entities
or others, all of which could result in litigation and financial losses, and could potentially cause us to lose users, advertisers, revenue
and employees.
 
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if our member data, particularly billing data, were to be
accessed by unauthorized persons.
 
We will maintain personal data regarding our users, including names and, in many cases, mailing addresses. With respect to
billing data, such as credit card numbers, we expect to rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure such
information. If we or our payment processing services experience any unauthorized intrusion into our users’ data, current and potential
users may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to become members, we could face legal claims, and
our business could be adversely affected. Similarly, if a well-publicized breach of the consumer data security of any other major
consumer website were to occur, there could be a general public loss of confidence in the use of the Internet for commerce transactions
which could adversely affect our business.
 
In addition, we do not plan to obtain signatures from members in connection with the use of credit and debit cards (together,
“payment cards”) by them. Under current payment card practices, to the extent we do not obtain cardholders’ signatures, we will be
liable for fraudulent payment card transactions, even when the associated financial institution approves payment of the orders. From
time to time, fraudulent payment cards may be used on our website to obtain service. Typically, these payment cards will not have been
registered as stolen and therefore will not be rejected by any automatic authorization safeguards. We do not currently carry insurance
against the risk of fraudulent credit card transactions. A failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions would harm our
business and results of operations.
 
55

--- PAGE 72 ---
 
 
Regulatory and business practice developments relating to personal information of our users and/or failure to adequately
protect the personal information of our users may adversely affect our business.
 
Due to the nature of such businesses, the businesses we have acquired or intend to acquire in the future maintain, or have
arrangements with third parties who maintain, information on users who or may purchase in the future our services and products
electronically through their individual websites or otherwise register on the website for access to our content provided. We are in the
process of evaluating the information collected to understand if we can aggregate and reuse the contact information to inform these
individuals of upcoming events, offerings and other services and products that we believe enhance the user experience. Data protection
laws and regulation may impair our ability to use these data in such ways, as certain uses may be prohibited. The use of such user
information is an important component of our growth strategy in the future. The collection, storage and use of user information is
subject to regulation in many jurisdictions, including the United States and the EU, and this regulation is becoming more prevalent and
stringent. Further, there is a risk that data protection regulators may seek jurisdiction over our activities even in locations in which we
do not have an operating entity. This may arise in a number of ways, either because we are conducting direct marketing activities in a
particular jurisdiction and the local laws apply to and are enforceable against us, or because one of our databases is controlling the
processing of information within that jurisdiction. We intend to develop a comprehensive policy aimed at ensuring adequate protection
of our users’ personal information and compliance with applicable law. There is a risk that we will be unable to successfully adopt and
implement this policy, which may give rise to liabilities or increased costs. 
 
Although we intend to develop systems and processes that are designed to protect customer and employee information and to
prevent security breaches or incidents (which could result in data loss or other harm or loss), such measures cannot provide absolute
security or certainty. It is possible that advances in computer and hacker capabilities, new variants of malware, the development of new
penetration methods and tools, inadvertent violations of company policies or procedures or other developments could result in a
compromise of customer or employee information or a breach of the technology and security processes that are used to protect
customer and employee information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage
systems may change frequently and as a result, may be difficult for our business to detect for long periods of time. In addition, despite
our best efforts, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may need to
expend in the future significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy such potential security breaches, incidents and
their consequences, including the establishment of a dedicated cybersecurity organization within our larger technology environment.
 
We also face risks associated with security breaches and incidents affecting third parties with which we are affiliated or with
which we otherwise conduct business. Consumers are generally concerned with the security and privacy of the Internet, and any
publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or third parties may discourage consumers from doing business with us,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
In some countries, the use of cookies and other information placed on users’ Internet browsers or users’ computing devices is
currently regulated, regardless of the information contained within or referred to by the cookie. Specifically, in the EU, this is now
subject to national laws being introduced pursuant to the amended Directive 2002/58 on Privacy and Electronic Communications. The
effect of these measures may require users to provide explicit consent to such a cookie being used. The laws being introduced pursuant
to this measure are not finalized in every European Member State, and we have not determined what effect this could have on our
business when we place the cookie on the user’s computer or when a third party does so. The effect may be to limit the amount of
information we receive in relation to each use of the service and/or to limit our ability to link this information to a unique identity,
which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
 
In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) is starting to exercise greater authority over how online
consumer data is collected and maintained by businesses. Prompted by the FTC’s recommendation regarding online tracking, a number
of federal legislative proposals have been introduced that would allow users to opt out of online monitoring. A number of states have
passed similar legislation and some states are becoming more active in enforcing these laws to protect consumers.
 
56

--- PAGE 73 ---
 
 
The laws in this area are complex and developing rapidly. For instance, on April 14, 2016, the EU General Data Protection
Regulation (the “GDPR”) became effective within Europe on May 25, 2018. The primary objectives of the GDPR are to give citizens
of the EU back the control of their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the
regulation within the EU. We have not yet assessed the full effect of the GDPR. Failure to comply with the GDPR may result in
significant monetary penalties. As we expand our operations into new jurisdictions, the costs associated with compliance with
applicable local data privacy laws and regulations increases. It is possible that government or industry regulation in these markets will
require us to deviate from our standard processes and/or make changes to our products, services and operations, which will increase
operational cost and risk. There is a risk that Internet browsers, operating systems, or other applications might be modified by their
developers in response to this regulation to limit or block our ability to access information about our users. It is possible that existing or
future regulations could make it difficult or impossible for us to collect or use our user information in the way we would like which
would impede our growth strategy and potentially reduce the revenue we hope to generate. It is also possible that we could be found to
have violated regulations relating to user data, which could result in us being sanctioned, suffering fines or other punishment, being
restricted in our activities and/or suffering reputational harm. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and financial
results. 
 
Risks Related to Our PodcastOne Business
 
We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from our podcast and advertising sales. If we fail to maintain or grow
podcasting and advertising and e-commerce merchandise revenue, our financial results may be adversely affected.
 
We generate revenue primarily from our podcasting and advertising services. Our financial results could be adversely affected
if we fail to maintain or grow our podcasting and advertising and e-commerce merchandise revenue in the future. In addition, if we fail
to collect our receivable balance from our key customers in our podcasting and advertising and e-commerce merchandise businesses,
our financial results may be adversely affected.
 
We face and will continue to face competition for listeners and listener listening time.
 
We compete with providers of podcasts that offer an on-demand catalog of podcast content that is similar to ours. We face
increasing competition from a growing variety of podcast providers that seek to differentiate their service by content offering and
product features, and they may be more successful than us in predicting listener preferences, providing popular content, and innovating
new features.
 
Our competitors include providers of internet radio, terrestrial radio, and satellite radio. Internet radio providers may offer
more extensive content libraries than we offer and some may be offered internationally more broadly than our PodcastOne service. In
addition, internet radio providers may leverage their existing infrastructure and content libraries, as well as their brand recognition and
listener base, to augment their services by offering competing on-demand podcast features to provide listeners with more
comprehensive podcast service delivery choices. Terrestrial radio providers often offer their content for free, are well-established and
accessible to consumers, and offer media content that we currently do not offer. In addition, many terrestrial radio stations have begun
broadcasting digital signals, which provide high-quality audio transmission. Satellite radio providers, such as SiriusXM and
iHeartRadio, may offer extensive and exclusive news, comedy, sports and talk content, and national signal coverage.
 
We believe that companies with a combination of technical expertise, brand recognition, financial resources, and digital media
experience also pose a significant threat of developing competing on-demand audio distribution technologies. In particular, if known
incumbents in the digital media space such as Facebook choose to offer competing services, they may devote greater resources than we
have available, have a more accelerated time frame for deployment, and leverage their existing listener base and proprietary
technologies to provide services that our listeners and advertisers may view as superior. Furthermore, Amazon Music, Apple Music,
Apple Podcasts, Spotify, iHeartMusic and others have competing podcast services, which may negatively impact our business,
operating results, and financial condition. Our current and future competitors may have higher brand recognition, more established
relationships with content licensors and mobile device manufacturers, greater financial, technical, and other resources, more
sophisticated technologies, and/or more experience in the markets in which we compete. Our current and future competitors may also
engage in mergers or acquisitions with each other, as SiriusXM and Pandora have done, or to acquire smaller podcasting services, such
as Spotify has done, to combine and leverage their audiences. Our current and future competitors may innovate new features or
introduce new ways of consuming or engaging with content that cause our listeners, especially the younger demographic, to switch to
another product, which would negatively affect our listener retention, growth, and engagement. In addition, Apple and Google also own
application store platforms and are charging in-application purchase fees, which are not being levied on their own applications, thus
creating a competitive advantage for themselves against us. If other competitors that own application store platforms and competitive

--- PAGE 74 ---
services adopt similar practices, we may be similarly impacted. As the market for on-demand audio on the internet and mobile and
connected devices increases, new competitors, business models, and solutions are likely to emerge.
 
57

--- PAGE 75 ---
 
 
We also compete for listeners based on our presence and visibility as compared with other businesses and platforms that
deliver audio content through the internet and connected devices. We face significant competition for listeners from companies
promoting their own digital audio content online or through application stores, including several large, well-funded, and seasoned
participants in the digital media market. Device application stores often offer listeners the ability to browse applications by various
criteria, such as the number of downloads in a given time period, the length of time since an application was released or updated, or the
category in which the application is placed. The websites and applications of our competitors may rank higher than our website and our
PodcastOne application, and our application may be difficult to locate in device application stores, which could draw potential listeners
away from our service and toward those of our competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully for listeners against other digital
media providers by maintaining and increasing our presence, ease of use, and visibility online, on devices, and in application stores, our
number of paid members, ad-supported users, and the amount of content streamed on our service may fail to increase or may decline
and our membership fees and advertising sales may suffer.
 
We compete for a share of advertisers’ overall marketing budgets with other content providers on a variety of factors,
including perceived return on investment, effectiveness and relevance of our advertising products, pricing structure, and ability to
deliver large volumes or precise types of advertisements to targeted listener demographic pools. We also compete for advertisers with a
range of internet companies, including major internet portals, search engine companies, social media sites, and mobile applications, as
well as traditional advertising channels such as terrestrial radio and television.
 
Large internet companies with strong brand recognition, such as Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Twitter, have significant
numbers of sales personnel, substantial advertising inventory, proprietary advertising technology solutions, and traffic across web,
mobile, and connected devices that provide a significant competitive advantage and have a significant impact on pricing for reaching
these listener bases. Failure to compete successfully against our current or future competitors could result in the loss of current or
potential advertisers, a reduced share of our advertisers’ overall marketing budget, the loss of existing or potential listeners, or
diminished brand strength, which could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, increase our research and
development and marketing expenses, and prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability.
   
Our business is dependent upon the performance of the podcasts and their talent.
 
We independently contract with podcasts and talent with significant loyal audiences in their respective markets. Although we
have entered into long-term agreements with some of our key podcast hosts to protect our interests in those relationships, we can give
no assurance that all or any of these persons will remain with us, will be able to continue to provide podcasting services, will retain
their audiences or will continue to be profitable. Competition for these podcasts and talent is intense and certain of these talent and
podcasts are under no legal obligation to remain with us after the expiration of their podcast license agreements. Our competitors may
choose to extend offers to any of these podcasts and/or talent on terms which we may be unwilling to meet. Furthermore, the popularity
and audience loyalty of our key podcasts is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes. A loss of such popularity or audience
loyalty is beyond our control and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract local and/or national advertisers and on
our revenue and/or ratings, and could result in increased expenses. 
 
If we fail to increase the number of listeners consuming our podcast content, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected.
 
The size of our listener base consuming our podcast content is critical to our success, and we will need to develop and grow
our listener base to be successful. We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and sponsorship, which is
dependent on the number of listeners consuming our podcast content that we attract. For example, if we are unable to retain and attract
listeners consuming our podcast content, we may be unable to maintain or increase the frequency of listeners’ engagement with our
platform and our podcasts. In addition, if listeners do not perceive our content as original, entertaining or engaging, we may not be able
to attract advertising and sponsorship opportunities and/or increase the resulting frequency of listeners’ engagement with our platform
and content. If we are unable to retain and attract listeners, our network and services could also be less attractive to potential new
advertisers, sponsors and listeners, as well as to podcasts and podcasting talent, which could have a material and adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Minimum guarantees required under certain of our podcast license agreements may limit our operating flexibility and may
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
 
Certain of our podcast license agreements contain minimum guarantees and/or require that we make minimum guarantee
payments. Such minimum guarantees related to our content acquisition costs are not always tied to our revenue and/or listener growth
forecasts (e.g., number of listeners), or the number of podcasts used on our service. We may also be subject to minimum guarantees to

--- PAGE 76 ---
rights holders with respect to certain strategic partnerships we enter into that may not produce all of the expected benefits. Accordingly,
our ability to achieve and sustain profitability and operating leverage on our service in part depends on our ability to increase our
revenue through increased sales of premium service and advertising sales on terms that maintain an adequate gross margin. The
duration of our license agreements for podcast content that contain minimum guarantees is frequently between one and two years. If
our forecasts of acquisition or retention of listeners consuming our podcast content do not meet our expectations or the number of our
listeners consuming our podcast content decline significantly during the term of our license agreements, our expectations for return on
minimum guarantees may not be met and/or our margins may be materially and adversely affected. To the extent we do not maintain or
increase the number of listeners consuming our podcast content or advertising sales do not meet our expectations, our business,
operating results, and financial condition could also be adversely affected as a result of such minimum guarantees. In addition, the fixed
cost nature of these minimum guarantees may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
market segments in which we operate.
 
58

--- PAGE 77 ---
 
 
 
We rely on estimates of the market share of streaming content owned by each content provider, as well as our own listener
growth and forecasted advertising revenue, to forecast whether such minimum guarantees could be recouped against our actual content
acquisition costs incurred over the duration of the license agreement. To the extent that this revenue and/or market share estimates
underperform relative to our expectations, leading to content acquisition costs that do not exceed such minimum guarantees, our
margins may be materially and adversely affected.
 
Our podcasting revenue and operating results are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising. Factors that
affect the amount of advertising spending, such as economic downturns, can make it difficult to predict our revenue and could
adversely affect our business.
 
Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective
advertisers. If advertisers reduce their overall advertising spending, our revenue and results of operations are directly affected. Many
advertisers devote a disproportionate amount of their advertising budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with
increased holiday purchasing, and buyers may spend more in the fourth quarter for budget reasons. As a result, if any events occur to
reduce the amount of advertising spending during the fourth quarter, or reduce the amount of inventory available to advertisers during
that period, it could have a disproportionate adverse effect on our podcasting revenue and operating results for that fiscal year.
Economic downturns or instability in political or market conditions generally may cause current or new advertisers to reduce their
advertising budgets. Adverse economic conditions and general uncertainty about economic prospects in the future are likely to affect
our business prospects. In particular, uncertainty regarding the general business conditions in the United States and globally and if such
economies deteriorate or become volatile could cause advertisers to delay, decrease or cancel ad purchases. Moreover, any changes in
the favorable tax treatment of advertising expenses and the deductibility thereof would likely cause a reduction in advertising demand.
In addition, continued geopolitical turmoil in many parts of the world have and may continue to put pressure on global economic
conditions, which could lead to reduced spending on advertising.
 
Expansion of our operations to deliver podcasts subjects us to increased business, legal, financial, reputational, and
competitive risks.
 
Expansion of our operations to deliver podcasts and other non-music content involves numerous risks and challenges,
including increased capital requirements, new competitors, and the need to develop new strategic relationships. Growth in these areas
may require additional changes to our existing business model and cost structure, modifications to our infrastructure, and exposure to
new regulatory, legal and reputational risks, including infringement liability, any of which may require additional expertise that we
currently do not have. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue from podcasts or other non-music
content to offset the costs of creating or acquiring this content. Further, we have initially established a reputation as a music streaming
service and our ability to gain acceptance and listenership for podcasts or other non-music content, and thus our ability to attract users
and advertisers to this content, is not certain. Failure to successfully monetize and generate revenues from such content, including
failure to obtain or retain rights to podcasts or other non-music content on acceptable terms, or at all, or to effectively manage the
numerous risks and challenges associated with such expansion could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial
condition.
 
In addition, we enter into multi-year commitments for original content that we produce or commission. Given the multiple-
year duration and largely fixed cost nature of such commitments, if our user growth and retention do not meet our expectations, our
margins may be adversely impacted. Payment terms for certain content that we produce or commission will typically require more
upfront cash payments than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not pay for the production of such content. To the
extent our user and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected
as a result of such content commitments. The long-term and fixed cost nature of certain content commitments may also limit our
flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business, as well as our ability to adjust our content offering if our users do not
react favorably to the content we produce. Any such event could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial
condition.
  
59

--- PAGE 78 ---
 
 
Increases in the costs in relation to podcast content creators, such as higher hosts’ compensation and costs of discovering
and cultivating a top podcast content creator, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
 
We depend upon podcast content creators to continuously provide a large variety of high-quality content on our platform,
which is a key factor of engaging and providing a satisfactory user experience that ensures long-term user stickiness. We compete with
other audio platforms for active, popular or celebrity content creators. To attract and retain top content creators and maintain the high
level of content quality, we enter into contracts with our podcast content creators under which such creators are usually paid a certain
percentage of the ad sales and other revenue that we generate related to their podcast. The compensation to a top podcast content
creator may increase as the competition intensifies. If our content creators become too costly, we will not be able to produce high
quality content at commercially acceptable costs. If our competitors’ platforms offer higher revenue sharing percentage with an intent
to attract our popular podcast content creators, costs to retain such content creators may increase. Furthermore, as our business and user
base further expand, we may have to devote more resources in encouraging our podcast content creators to produce content that meets
the evolving interests of a diverse user base, which would increase the costs of content on our platform. If we are unable to generate
sufficient revenues that outpace our increased costs in relation to content creators, our business, financial condition and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected.
 
We use third-party services and technologies in connection with our PodcastOne business, and any disruption to the
provision of these services and technologies to us could result in adverse publicity and a slowdown in the growth of our PodcastOne
users, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our PodcastOne business depends upon services provided by, and relationships with, third parties. PodcastOne currently
engages third-party service providers in certain areas of its operations such as monitoring of its podcasts. If such third-party service
providers fail to detect the illegal or inappropriate activities or content in our podcasts, we may be subject to regulator’s disapproval or
penalties as well as adverse media exposure which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, some third-party software we use in our operations is currently publicly available without charge. If the owner
of any such software decides to make claims against us, charge users, or no longer makes the software publicly available, we may need
to enter into settlement with such owners, incur significant cost to license the software, find replacement software or develop it on our
own. If we are unable to find or develop replacement software at a reasonable cost, or at all, our business and operations may be
adversely affected.
 
Our overall network relies on bandwidth connections provided by third-party operators and we expect this dependence on
third parties to continue. The networks maintained and services provided by such third parties are vulnerable to damage or interruption,
which could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
We also depend on the third-party online payment systems for sales of our products and services. If any of these third-party
online payment systems suffer from security breaches, users may lose confidence in such payment systems and refrain from purchasing
our virtual gifts online, in which case our results of operations would be negatively impacted.
 
We exercise no control over the third parties with whom we have business arrangements. For some of services and
technologies such as online payment systems, we rely on a limited number of third-party providers with limited access to alternative
networks or services in the event of disruptions, failures or other problems. If such third parties increase their prices, fail to provide
their services effectively, terminate their service or agreements or discontinue their relationships with us, we could suffer service
interruptions, reduced revenues or increased costs, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
 
60

--- PAGE 79 ---
 
 
Streaming depends on effectively working with third-party platforms, operating systems, online platforms, hardware,
networks, regulations, and standards we do not control. Changes in our services or those operating systems, hardware, networks,
regulations, or standards, and our limitations on our ability to access those platforms, operating systems, hardware or networks may
seriously harm our business.
 
Our services require high-bandwidth data capabilities. If the costs of data usage increase or access to data networks is limited,
our business may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality audio, video, and other content over networks, our services
must work well with a range of technologies, systems, networks, regulations and standards that we do not control. In addition, the
adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of the Internet, including laws governing
Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our Service and increase our cost of doing business. Previously, Federal
Communications Commission (the “FCC”) “open Internet rules” prohibited mobile providers in the United States from impeding
access to most content, or otherwise unfairly discriminating against Content Providers like us. These rules also prohibited mobile
providers from entering into arrangements with specific Content Providers for faster or better access over their data networks.
However, on December 14, 2017, the FCC voted to repeal the “open Internet rules” and as a result, broadband services are now subject
to less U.S. federal regulation. A number of parties have already stated they would appeal this order, and it is possible United States
Congress may adopt legislation restoring some of the “open Internet rules.” If, as a result of the repeal of “open Internet rules,”
broadband providers in the United States decrease access to certain content, start entering into arrangements with specific Content
Providers for faster or better access over their data networks, or otherwise unfairly discriminate against Content Providers like us, this
could increase our cost of doing business and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to larger competitors. Additionally, mobile
providers may be able to limit our users’ ability to access our platforms or make them a less attractive alternative to our competitors’
applications. If that occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition would be seriously harmed.
   
The European Union (the “EU”) currently requires equal access to Internet content. Additionally, as part of its Digital Single
Market initiative, the EU may impose network security, disability access, or 911-like obligations on “over-the-top” services such as
those provided by us, which could increase our costs. If the EU or the courts modify these open Internet rules, mobile providers may be
able to limit our users’ ability to access our platforms or make them a less attractive alternative to our competitors’ applications. If that
occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition would be seriously harmed.
 
We rely on a variety of operating systems, online platforms, hardware, and networks to reach our customers. These platforms
range from desktop and mobile operating systems and application stores to wearables and intelligent voice assistants. The owners or
operators of these platforms may not share our interests and may restrict our access to them or place conditions on access that would
materially affect our ability to access those platforms. In particular, where the owner of a platform also is our direct competitor, the
platform may attempt to use this position to affect our access to customers and ability to compete. For example, an online platform
might arbitrarily remove our services from its platform, deprive us of access to business-critical data, or engage in other harmful
practices. Online platforms also may unilaterally impose certain requirements that negatively affect our ability to convert users to the
premium service, such as conditions that limit our freedom to communicate promotions and offers to our users. Similarly, online
platforms may force us to use the platform’s payment processing systems which may be inferior to and more costly than other payment
processing services available in the market. 
 
Online platforms frequently change the rules and requirements for services like ours to access the platform, and such changes
may adversely affect the success or desirability of our services. Online platforms may limit our access to information about users,
limiting our ability to convert and retain them. Online platforms also may deny access to application programming interfaces (“API”)
or documentation, limiting functionality of our services on the platform.
 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the requirements of those operating systems, online platforms,
hardware, networks, regulations and standards on which our services depend, and failure to do so could result in serious harm to our
business.
 
61

--- PAGE 80 ---
 
 
We rely on integrations with advertising platforms, demand-side platforms (“DSPs”), proprietary platforms and ad servers,
over which we exercise very little control.
 
Our business depends on our ability to integrate our content with a variety of third-party advertising platforms, DSPs,
proprietary platforms and ad services. We are able to make our podcasts available on other popular podcasting platforms such as Apple,
Amazon, Spotify and wherever podcasts are heard, allowing our listeners to utilize such platforms to listen to our podcasts. We have
also formed partnerships with advertising platforms to integrate our podcasts with their software and product offerings, allowing our
advertisers to utilize our solutions wherever they purchase or place an ad. For example, we rely on integration with Apple and Spotify
in order to provide our podcasts through their platforms. Apple or Spotify may determine to only host shows that are proprietary to
them, which would have a significant effect on our ability to offer our podcasts to larger group of listeners and would materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Some of these integration partners have significant market
share in the segment in which they operate. To date, we have relied on written contracts and other arrangements to govern our
relationships with these partners. However, these are subject to change by such providers from time to time and in many instances the
provider may choose to terminate these contracts without cause and with short notice periods. Many of these agreements are short term
with automatic renewal provisions, and there can be no assurances that such providers will agree to renew their agreements with us.
Moreover, such providers may choose to stop integrating with our podcasts and may unilaterally stop providing us with data necessary
to our business if they acquire a competitor which provides podcasting services similar to ours or if they begin to deliver podcasts
similar to ours on their own. We cannot assure you that our existing podcast partners and integration partners will continue to, or that
potential new podcast partners or integration partners will agree to, integrate our podcasts into their podcast offerings or services. Such
integrations may not be replaceable, and so loss of any such integrations could materially impact our business and our results of
operations and we may lose listeners.
 
Our business and revenues could also be affected by social issues or disruptions. For example, if there is public disapproval or
boycotting of a specific podcasting platform, such as Spotify or other podcasting platform, our ability to optimize ad placement or to
forecast listener metrics may be impacted based on unforeseen trends or events.
 
Our revenue model also depends in part on high impression volumes, the growth of which may not be sustained.
 
We generate revenue by charging a cost per thousand impressions (“CPM”) based on the volume of purchased digital ads that
we measure on behalf of these customers. If the volume of impressions we measure does not continue to grow or decreases for any
reason, our business will suffer. For example, if digital ad spending remains constant and our advertiser customers transition to higher
CPM ad inventory, overall impression volumes may decrease, which may result in fewer impressions for us to verify and a
corresponding decline in our revenues. We cannot assure you that growth in volume of impressions will be sustained. If our customers
adjust their buying patterns or alter their preference to higher CPM ad inventory, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations may be harmed.
 
Our advertising sales depend on how our listener data is collected and how advertisers select their ad listener targeting in
the future.
 
Our advertising sales depend on how our listener data is collected and how advertisers select their ad listener targeting in the
future. Advertiser spending varies based on their desire to target certain categories of listeners and supporting listener data. If our
advertisers determine to target different listeners or shift their ad spending towards different listener categories, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations may be harmed.
 
62

--- PAGE 81 ---
 
 
The third-party services and software that we use are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or
vulnerabilities, which could manifest in ways that could seriously harm our reputation and our business.
 
The third-party services and software that we use are highly technical and complex. The tech solutions that we use or may
introduce in the future, may contain undetected software bugs, hardware errors, and other vulnerabilities. These bugs and errors can
manifest in any number of ways in our products, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, malfunctions, or
even permanently disabled products. Our tech providers have a practice of updating their tech solutions and software and some errors
in their technology and software may be discovered only after a product has been used by listeners, and may in some cases be detected
only under certain circumstances or after extended use. Any errors, bugs or other vulnerabilities discovered in the underlying code or
backend after release could damage our reputation, drive away listeners, allow third parties to manipulate or exploit our software, lower
revenue and expose us to claims for damages, any of which could seriously harm our business. Additionally, errors, bugs, or other
vulnerabilities may—either directly or if exploited by third parties—affect our ability to make accurate royalty payments.
 
We also could face claims for product liability, tort or breach of warranty. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly
and may divert management’s attention and seriously harm our reputation and our business. In addition, if our liability insurance
coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be seriously harmed.
 
We are at risk of attempts at unauthorized access to our services, and failure to effectively prevent and remediate such
attempts could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Unauthorized access to our
services may cause us to misstate key performance indicators, which once discovered, corrected, and disclosed, could undermine
investor confidence in the integrity of our key performance indicators and could cause our stock price to drop significantly.
 
We have in the past been, and continue to be, impacted by attempts by third parties to manipulate and exploit our software for
the purpose of gaining unauthorized access to our service. For example, we have detected instances of third parties seeking to provide
mobile device users a means to suppress advertisements without payment and gain access to features only available to the ad-supported
services. If in the future we fail to successfully detect and address such issues, it may have artificial effects on our key performance
indicators, such as content hours, content hours per MAU, and MAUs, which underlie, among other things, our contractual obligations
with advertisers, as well as harm our relationship with them. This may impact our results of operations, particularly with respect to
margins on our ad-supported segment, by increasing our ad-supported cost of revenue without a corresponding increase to our ad-
supported revenue, which could seriously harm our business.
 
Our listener metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived
inaccuracies in those metrics may seriously harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business.
 
We regularly review key metrics related to the operation of our business to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance
and make strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated using internal company data and have not been validated by an independent
third party. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our listener base for the applicable period
of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our services are used across large populations globally. Errors or
inaccuracies in our metrics or data could result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies.
 
In addition, advertisers generally rely on third-party measurement services to calculate our metrics, and these third-party
measurement services may not reflect our true audience. Some of our demographic data also may be incomplete or inaccurate because
listeners self-report their names and dates of birth. Consequently, the personal data we have may differ from our listeners’ actual names
and ages. If advertisers, partners, or investors do not perceive our listener, geographic or other demographic metrics to be accurate
representations of our listener base, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our listener, geographic or other demographic metrics,
our reputation may be seriously harmed, which could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial
condition.
 
63

--- PAGE 82 ---
 
 
Our podcasting business is subject to a variety of laws around the world. Government regulation of the Internet is evolving
and any changes in government regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business or other unfavorable
developments may adversely affect our business, operating result, and financial condition.
 
PodcastOne is a U.S.-based company that is registered under the laws of the State of Delaware, and with operations in certain
countries and territories around the world. As a result of the scope of PodcastOne’s operations, we are subject to a variety of laws in
different countries. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be
conflicting. It also is likely that if our business grows and evolves and our solutions are used more globally, we will become subject to
laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how existing laws will be applied to our business and the new
laws to which we may become subject.
 
We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to the Internet. Such laws and
regulations include, but are not limited to, labor, advertising and marketing, real estate, taxation, user privacy, data collection and
protection, intellectual property, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, foreign exchange controls, antitrust and competition,
electronic contracts, telecommunications, sales procedures, automatic membership renewals, credit card processing procedures,
consumer protections, broadband Internet access and content restrictions. We cannot guarantee that we have been or will be fully
compliant in every jurisdiction in which we are subject to regulation, as existing laws and regulations governing issues such as
intellectual property, privacy, taxation, and consumer protection, among others, are constantly changing. The adoption or modification
of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in
which we currently conduct our business. For example, certain jurisdictions have implemented or are contemplating implementing laws
which may negatively impact our automatic renewal structure or our free or discounted trial incentives. Further, compliance with laws,
regulations, and other requirements imposed upon our business may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. 
 
Moreover, as Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by U.S. federal and state agencies and other
international regulators becomes more likely and may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional
burdens on us. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the Internet, including
laws limiting Internet neutrality, could decrease listener demand for our services and increase our cost of doing business. Future
regulations, or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or applications, also could hinder our operational
flexibility, raise compliance costs, and result in additional historical or future liabilities for us, resulting in material adverse impacts on
our business, operating results and financial condition.
   
Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot successfully maintain our culture as we assimilate
new employees, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture.
 
We are undergoing growth in our business, including in our employee headcount. A significant portion of our management
team has been with us since inception. We expect that significant additional hiring will be necessary to support our strategic plans. This
rapid influx of new team members from different business backgrounds may make it difficult for us to maintain our corporate culture.
We believe our culture has contributed significantly to our ability to attract and retain talent, to acquire podcast content and to innovate
and grow successfully. If our culture is negatively affected, our ability to support our growth and innovation may diminish. 
        
Risks Related to Our E-commerce Merchandising Business
 
We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from our ecommerce merchandise sales. If we fail to maintain or grow
our ecommerce merchandise sales revenue, our financial results may be adversely affected.
 
We generate revenue primarily from our ecommerce merchandise sales. Our financial results could be adversely affected if we
fail to maintain or grow our ecommerce merchandise revenue in the future. In addition, if we fail to collect our receivables balance
from our customers in our ecommerce merchandising business, our financial results may be adversely affected.
 
64

--- PAGE 83 ---
 
 
Our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results.
        
Our CPS merchandising business is affected by seasonality. Historically, we generated higher sales revenues in the third fiscal
quarter ending December 31. However, the mix of product sales may vary considerably from time to time as a result of changes in
seasonal demand and change in preferences or popularity of certain of our merchandise. As a result, we may not be able to accurately
predict our quarterly sales. Accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate materially from period to period. This
seasonality, along with other factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, changes in consumer
preferences, weather conditions, availability of inventory and transportation disruptions, could adversely affect our business and cause
our results of operations to fluctuate. Our operating margins are also sensitive to a number of additional factors that are beyond our
control, including manufacturing and transportation costs, shifts in product sales mix and geographic sales trends, all of which we
expect to continue. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future
period.
 
Failure to accurately forecast consumer demand could lead to excess inventories or inventory shortages, which could
result in decreased operating margins, reduced cash flows and harm to our business.
 
To meet anticipated demand for our products, we purchase certain materials, which we hold in inventory. There is a risk we
may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in
inventory write-downs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair CPS’ image and have an
adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our
products or if our manufacturers fail to supply products that we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory
shortages. Inventory shortages might delay shipments to customers, negatively impact retailer and consumer relationships and
negatively impact our reputation. The difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows from period to period. A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our
products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in
advance.
 
We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation.
 
In addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we collect transactional and personal information about
our customers, which include online distribution channels. Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-
scale and complex automated attacks. Any breach of our network, or other vendor systems, may result in the loss of confidential
business and financial data, misappropriation of our consumers’ or employees’ personal information or a disruption of our business.
Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including unwanted media attention, impairment of our
consumer and customer relationships, damage to our reputation; resulting in lost sales and consumers, fines, lawsuits, or significant
legal and remediation expenses. We also may need to expend significant resources to protect against, respond to and/or redress
problems caused by any breach.
 
In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and
personal data in the U.S and elsewhere. Compliance with existing, proposed and recently enacted laws and regulations can be costly;
any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. Misuse of or failure to secure
personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against us by governmental
entities or others, damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows from period to period.
 
The success of our business depends, in part, on high-quality employees, including key personnel.
 
Our success depends in part on the continued service of high-quality employees, including key executive officers and
personnel. The loss of the services of key individuals, or any negative perception with respect to these individuals, could harm our
business. Our success also depends on our ability to recruit, retain and engage our personnel sufficiently, both to maintain our current
business and to execute our strategic initiatives. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel.
 
65

--- PAGE 84 ---
 
 
Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers a cost-effective shopping platform that is
able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology.
 
The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones,
smartphones, handheld computers such as notebooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, has increased
dramatically in the past few years. We continually upgrade existing technologies and business applications to keep pace with these
rapidly changing and continuously evolving technologies, and we may be required to implement new technologies or business
applications in the future. The implementation of these upgrades and changes requires significant investments and as new devices and
platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing applications for these alternative devices
and platforms. Additionally, we may need to devote significant resources to the support and maintenance of such applications once
created. Our results of operations may be affected by the timing, effectiveness and costs associated with the successful implementation
of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure to accommodate such alternative devices and platforms. Further, in the
event that it is more difficult or less compelling for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile or other devices, or if our
customers choose not to buy products from us on such devices or to use mobile or other products that do not offer access to our sites,
our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
  
Significant merchandise returns could harm our business.
 
We allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If merchandise returns are significant, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time
to time, which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number of product returns. Some of our products require
special handling and delivery. From time to time our products are damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our
brand.
 
Our business relies heavily on email and other messaging services, and any restrictions on the sending of emails or
messages or an inability to timely deliver such communications could materially adversely affect our net revenue and business.
 
Our business is highly dependent upon email and other messaging services for promoting our sites and products. Daily
promotions offered through emails and other messages sent by us generate a significant portion of our net revenue. We provide daily
emails and “push” communications to customers and other visitors informing them of what is available for purchase on our sites, and
we believe these messages are an important part of our customer experience and help generate a substantial portion of our net revenue.
If we are unable to successfully deliver emails or other messages to our email members, or if our email members decline to open our
emails or other messages, our net revenue and profitability would be materially adversely affected. Changes in how webmail
applications organize and prioritize email may also reduce the number of members opening our emails. For example, in 2013 Google
Inc.’s Gmail service began offering a feature that organizes incoming emails into categories (for example, primary, social and
promotions). Such categorization or similar inbox organizational features may result in our emails being delivered in a less prominent
location in a member’s inbox or viewed as “spam” by our members and may reduce the likelihood of that member opening our emails.
Actions by third parties to block, impose restrictions on or charge for the delivery of emails or other messages could also adversely
impact our business. From time to time, Internet service providers or other third parties may block bulk email transmissions or
otherwise experience technical difficulties that result in our inability to successfully deliver emails or other messages to third parties.
Changes in the laws or regulations that limit our ability to send such communications or impose additional requirements upon us in
connection with sending such communications would also materially adversely impact our business. Our use of email and other
messaging services to send communications about our products and site or other matters may also result in legal claims against us,
which may cause us increased expenses, and if successful might result in fines and orders with costly reporting and compliance
obligations or might limit or prohibit our ability to send emails or other messages. We also rely on social networking messaging
services to send communications and to encourage customers to send communications. Changes to the terms of these social networking
services to limit promotional communications, any restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers’ ability to send
communications through their services, disruptions or downtime experienced by these social networking services or decline in the use
of or engagement with social networking services by customers and potential customers could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results.
 
66

--- PAGE 85 ---
 
 
We are subject to risks related to online payment methods.
 
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, PayPal, credit accounts and gift cards. As we
offer new payment options to consumers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and fraud. For certain
payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our
operating costs and lower profitability. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements,
including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be
reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. As our business changes, we may also be subject to different rules
under existing standards, which may require new assessments that involve costs above what we currently pay for compliance. If we fail
to comply with the rules or requirements of any provider of a payment method we accept, if the volume of fraud in our transactions
limits or terminates our rights to use payment methods we currently accept, or if a data breach occurs relating to our payment systems,
we may, among other things, be subject to fines or higher transaction fees and may lose, or face restrictions placed upon, our ability to
accept credit card and debit card payments from consumers or to facilitate other types of online payments. If any of these events were
to occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. We occasionally receive orders
placed with fraudulent credit card data. We may suffer losses as a result of orders placed with fraudulent credit card data even if the
associated financial institution approved payment of the orders. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for fraudulent
credit card transactions. If we are unable to detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these transactions could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Government regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply
with these regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations.
 
We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and
e-commerce. Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the Internet, e- commerce or mobile commerce.
These regulations and laws may involve taxes, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts and
communications, consumer protection, Internet neutrality and gift cards. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as
property ownership, sales and other taxes and consumer privacy apply to the Internet as the vast majority of these laws were adopted
prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the Internet or e-commerce. It is
possible that general business regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the Internet or e-commerce, may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. We cannot
be sure that our practices have complied, comply or will comply fully with all such laws and regulations. Any failure, or perceived
failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business and
proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. Any such proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, force us
to spend significant amounts in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, decrease
the use of our sites by consumers and suppliers and may result in the imposition of monetary liability. We may also be contractually
liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any such laws or
regulations. In addition, it is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on our sites or
may even attempt to completely block access to our sites. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our
business. In particular, in the event that we are restricted, in whole or in part, from operating in one or more countries, our ability to
retain or increase our customer base may be adversely affected, and we may not be able to maintain or grow our net revenue and
expand our business as anticipated. Further, as we enter into new market segments or geographical areas and expand the products and
services we offer, we may be subject to additional laws and regulatory requirements or prohibited from conducting our business, or
certain aspects of it, in certain jurisdictions. We will incur additional costs complying with these additional obligations and any failure
or perceived failure to comply would adversely affect our business and reputation.
 
67

--- PAGE 86 ---
 
 
Changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce may adversely affect the commercial use of our sites and
our financial results.
 
Due to the global nature of the Internet, it is possible that various states might attempt to impose additional or new regulation
on our business or levy additional or new sales, income or other taxes relating to our activities. Tax authorities at the federal, state and
local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce. New or revised international,
federal, state or local tax regulations or court decisions may subject us or our customers to additional sales, income and other taxes. For
example, on June 21, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court rendered a 5-4 majority decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc., 17-494 where
the Court held, among other things, that a state may require an out-of-state seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and
remit sales taxes on goods the seller ships to consumers in the state, overturning existing court precedent. While we do not expect the
Court’s decision to have a significant impact on our business, other new or revised taxes and, in particular, sales taxes and similar taxes
could increase the cost of doing business online and decrease the attractiveness of selling products over the Internet. New taxes and
rulings could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
 
We face intense competition and may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors.
 
The e-commerce merchandise market is evolving rapidly and intensely competitive. Barriers to entry are minimal, and current
and new competitors can launch new websites at a relatively low cost. We currently compete with numerous competitors, including:
 
●
large merchandise retailers with or without discount departments, including Amazon.com, AliExpress (part of the Alibaba
Group), eBay, and Rakuten.com;
 
●
online specialty retailers; and
 
●
traditional general merchandise and specialty retailers.
 
We expect that existing and future traditional manufacturers and retailers will continue to add or improve their e-commerce
offerings, and that our existing and future e-commerce competitors, including Amazon, will continue to increase their offerings and the
ways in which they enable shoppers to purchase merchandise, including their mobile technology and the voice-activated shopping
services offered by Amazon. Further, large marketplace websites and sites which aggregate marketplace sellers with a large product
selection are becoming increasingly popular, and we may not be able to place our products on these sites to take advantage of their
internal search platforms and some shoppers may begin their searches at these websites rather than utilize traditional search engines at
all. Many of our competitors specialize in one or more of the areas in which we offer products. Competition from Amazon and from
other competitors, many of whom have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, greater access to
capital and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do, affect us and have had and could continue to have
a material adverse effect on our financial results, business and prospects.
 
68

--- PAGE 87 ---
 
 
We depend on our relationships with third parties, and changes in our relationships with these parties could adversely
impact our net revenue and profits.
 
We rely on third parties to operate certain elements of our business. For example, carriers such as FedEx, UPS, DHL and the
U.S. Postal Service deliver many of our small parcel products, and third party national, regional and local transportation companies
deliver a portion of our large parcel products. As a result, we may be subject to shipping delays or disruptions caused by inclement
weather, natural disasters, system interruptions and technology failures, labor activism, health epidemics (including the COVID-19
outbreak) or bioterrorism. We are also subject to risks of breakage or other damage during delivery by any of these third parties. We
also use and rely on other services from third parties, such as cloud computing services, telecommunications services, customs,
consolidation and shipping services, as well as warranty, installation, assembly and design services. We may be unable to maintain
these relationships, and these services may also be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within our control. For example,
failures by our telecommunications providers have in the past and may in the future interrupt our ability to provide phone support to
our customers. Third parties may in the future determine they no longer wish to do business with us or may decide to take other actions
that could harm our business. We may also determine that we no longer want to do business with them. If products are not delivered in
a timely fashion or are damaged during the delivery process, or if we are not able to provide adequate customer support or other
services or offerings, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease buying products through our sites, which would adversely
affect our operating results.
 
We may be, accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties.
 
The e-commerce industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which has resulted
in protracted and expensive litigation for many companies. We may become subject to claims and litigation by third parties that we
infringe their intellectual property rights. The costs of supporting such litigation and disputes are considerable, and there can be no
assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. As our business expands and the number of competitors in our market increases
and overlaps occur, we expect that infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Any claims or proceedings against us,
whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in considerable litigation costs, require significant amounts of
management time or result in the diversion of significant operational resources, any of which could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results.
 
Legal claims regarding intellectual property rights are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the oftentimes complex issues
involved, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims. In addition, some of our
larger competitors have extensive portfolios of issued patents. Many potential litigants, including patent holding companies, have the
ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought
against them. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us
from conducting our business as we have historically done or may desire to do in the future. We might also be required to seek a license
and pay royalties for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all.
Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology or intellectual property, which could require significant effort
and expense and may ultimately not be successful.
 
We may receive in the future communications alleging that certain items posted on or sold through our sites violate third-party
copyrights, designs, marks and trade names or other intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights. Brand and content owners
and other proprietary rights owners have actively asserted their purported rights against online companies. In addition to litigation from
rights owners, we may be subject to regulatory, civil or criminal proceedings and penalties if governmental authorities believe we have
aided and abetted in the sale of counterfeit or infringing products.
 
Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial, managerial and operational
resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages by us. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that
we have violated their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. These risks have been
amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims.
 
69

--- PAGE 88 ---
 
 
Risks Related to our Festival and Events Business
 
Our success relies, in part, on the strength of our in person live festivals and events, as well as our online businesses, and if
any of them were to become less popular, our business could suffer.
 
With our acquisition of React Presents in February 2020, we produce, promote and manage music in person live festivals and
events, including Spring Awakening, Mamby on the Beach, Summer Set Music & Camping Festival, Freaky Deaky and Reaction New
Year’s Eve. In 2020, we also launched in-house our new annual digital festival, Music Lives, and digital streaming series and events,
Music Lives ON and LiveOne Presents. Our festival and events growth strategy relies on the strength of these brands to attract
customers to our in person festivals and events, both through attendance at the original festivals and markets and in new markets, as
well as to our online digital properties. We also rely on the strength of these brands to secure sponsorships and marketing partners and
to facilitate growth in revenue from the sale of music and other content, as well as advertising on our online properties. Maintaining the
strength of our festivals, events and online businesses will be challenging, and our relationship with our fans could be harmed for many
reasons, including the quality of the experience at a particular festival or event, our competitors developing more popular events or
attracting talent from our businesses, adverse occurrences or publicity in connection with an event and changes to public tastes that are
beyond our control and difficult to anticipate. If our key properties become less popular with consumers within the particular music
community, such as electronic music culture (“EMC”), our growth strategy would be harmed, which could in turn adversely affect our
business and financial results.
 
Maintaining the popularity of our festivals, events and online businesses requires that we anticipate consumer preferences and
offer attractions that appeal to the music community, including EMC. Our customers’ preferences and tastes for these attractions can
change and evolve rapidly, and our competitors actively seek to provide new and compelling experiences at their events. If we fail to
anticipate or respond quickly to changes in public taste, our festivals and related offerings may become less attractive to consumers.
 
It is possible that the popularity of electronic music and the EMC community will not continue their current growth or
even decline.
 
A substantial part of our festival and events business focuses on the broad market for electronic music and the EMC
community, including electronic music festivals and events, venues, sponsorships and e-commerce. Accordingly, our growth strategy is
dependent upon the continued growth of the popularity of electronic music and the EMC community, however, this growth is subject to
the whims of public taste, which may change over time and may be beyond our control. While interest in electronic music has
increased significantly over the past few years, this increased interest may not continue, and it is possible that the public’s current level
of interest in electronic music will decline. If either were to happen, the demand for and interest in EMC festivals, events and venues
and our online properties could fail to meet our expectations or even decline. This would have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial results.
  
The number of EMC festivals and events may grow faster than the public’s demand, which could make it difficult for us to
attract customers to our festivals and events.
 
With the growing EMC community, there has been a significant increase in the number of EMC festivals and events due to the
creation of new events and the expansion of existing events, both in geography and duration. Our growth strategy includes increasing
the number of EMC festivals and events we produce each year, as well as increasing the frequency of established events by bringing
them to new cities and countries. It is possible that the proliferation of EMC festivals and events will outpace demand. Further, many of
the largest festivals attract fans who travel great distances to attend. It is possible that an increase in the availability of local quality
EMC festivals and events will make it less likely that these fans will travel to the same festivals in other locations. If either were to
occur, it could make it difficult for us to achieve the increase in overall attendance that is part of our growth strategy or force us to offer
tickets at reduced prices, either of which would adversely affect our business and financial results.
 
In addition, competition for advertising marketing partners, and sponsorships may lead to fewer business partners at our
events or lower compensation, with a resulting decrease in revenue. Our competitors may offer increased guarantees to artists and more
favorable terms and ticketing arrangements to other parties, which we may be unwilling or unable to match. Even if we are willing to
match our competitors’ terms, the profitability of our events could decline.
  
70

--- PAGE 89 ---
 
 
If we are forced to cancel or postpone all or part of a scheduled festival or event, our business may be adversely impacted,
and our reputation may be harmed.
 
We incur a significant amount of up-front costs when we plan and prepare for a festival or event. Accordingly, if a planned
festival or event is canceled, we would lose a substantial amount of sunk costs, fail to generate the anticipated revenue and may be
forced to issue refunds for tickets sold. If we are forced to postpone a planned festival or event, we would incur substantial additional
costs in connection with our having to stage the event on a new date, may have reduced attendance and revenue and may have to refund
money to ticketholders. In addition, any cancellation or postponement could harm both our reputation and the reputation of the
particular festival or event. We could be compelled to cancel or postpone all or part of an event or festival for many reasons, including
such things as low attendance, adverse weather conditions, technical problems, issues with permitting or government regulation,
incidents, injuries or deaths at that event or festival, as well as extraordinary incidents, such as pandemics, terrorist attacks, mass-
casualty incidents and natural disasters or similar events. In 2019, Mamby on the Beach festival was canceled due to circumstances
beyond then owner’s control. In 2020, due to the global COVID-19 pandemic and various government actions taken as a result, we
postponed React Presents’ flagship annual Spring Awakening festival from 2020 to 2021 and canceled most of the 2020 events and
festivals that React produces.
 
In addition, due to the global COVID-19 pandemic and various government actions taken as a result continuing, we postponed
React Presents’ flagship annual Spring Awakening festival from 2022 to 2023 and canceled most of the 2022 events and festivals that
React produces. While we hope to hold our Spring Awakening festival in the 2023 calendar year, there can be no assurances that we
will be able to hold such festival or any other in-person festival or events in 2022 or thereafter, pending the developments of the
COVID-19 pandemic. We often have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our insured losses if we are
compelled to cancel an event or festival, but our coverage may not be sufficient and may be subject to deductibles. The occurrence of
an extraordinary condition in the geographic region or at or near the site where a festival or event will be held may make it impossible
or difficult to stage the event or make it difficult for attendees to travel to the site of a festival or event. For example, as of the date of
this Annual Report, U.S. and global restrictions on travel and related required quarantine times imposed as a result of COVID-19, may
make it nearly impossible or very difficult to stage the event or for attendees to travel to the site of a festival or event. An extraordinary
incident may also make it inappropriate to hold a festival or event at a particular site or at a particular time.
 
We must match the innovation of our competitors.
 
There is currently a tremendous amount of innovation among EMC-focused businesses, including the different experiential
aspects of festivals and other live performances. These include things such as video presentations, lighting, special effects, sets and
other creative elements. Businesses in the EMC industry compete, in part, based on their ability to provide experiences for their
audiences that are both cutting edge and compelling. Innovation in our industry is taking place both at the companies that produce
festivals and events, as well as at smaller companies that are retained by producers and performers to create artistic elements to
accompany the music and enhance the experience of the fans. We must be able to match the quality and inventiveness of these
competitors at our own festivals and events. If we fail to do so, it could lead to reduced demand for tickets to our festivals and events,
harm our reputation or the reputation of our festivals and events and adversely affect our business and financial results.
 
Costs associated with, and our ability to obtain adequate insurance, could adversely affect our profitability and financial
condition.
 
Heightened concerns and challenges regarding property, casualty, liability, artist, business interruption and other insurance
coverage have resulted from security incidents, including terrorism, along with varying weather-related conditions and incidents, and
are expected to be further affected by COVID-19. As a result, we may experience increased difficulty obtaining high policy limits of
coverage at reasonable costs, including coverage for acts of terrorism and weather-related property damage.
 
71

--- PAGE 90 ---
 
 
We cannot guarantee that our insurance policy coverage limits, including insurance coverage for property, casualty, liability,
artist and business interruption losses and acts of terrorism, would be adequate under the circumstances should one or multiple adverse
events occur at or near any of our venues or events, or that our insurers would have adequate financial resources to pay our related
claims. We cannot guarantee that adequate coverage limits will be available, offered at reasonable costs or offered by insurers with
sufficient financial soundness. If adverse events that our insurance policies do not cover occur and result in a significant liability to us,
our financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected.
  
To stage festivals in multiple locations, we may be required to transport complex sets and equipment long distances, which
creates increased risk that they will be damaged.
 
Our larger festivals require complex sets and other equipment, including those that currently exist, and those we must
construct or purchase from a supplier. We are often required to transport these sets and equipment long distances by land and sea, which
creates the risk that they may be damaged or lost if there is an accident or other complication during transport. These sets and
equipment are very costly to create, and it would be expensive and time consuming to repair or replace them. We have insurance
policies in place to cover a portion of our insured losses for damaged or lost sets and equipment, but our coverage may not be sufficient
and is subject to deductibles. Additionally, a supplier’s failure to timely deliver the sets and equipment to us or our loss of these sets
and equipment might lead to substantial expenses and could force us to delay or cancel a festival or event. Any of these scenarios could
adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results.
 
There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents occurring at our live music events, which could subject us to personal
injury or other claims, increase our expenses and damage our brands.
 
There are inherent risks in live festivals and events, particularly those like ours, which involve complex staging and special
effects. As a result, personal injuries and accidents have occurred in the concert industry in general, including some that have injured or
killed employees and guests. Injuries and accidents occurring in connection with our festivals, events or venues could subject us to
negative publicity, as well as claims and liabilities, and certain of the businesses we have acquired or plan to acquire have been subject
to such claims. Injuries and accidents occurring in connection with our live festivals and events, or at any of the venues we manage, or
any actual or alleged spread of COVID-19 potentially tied to our festivals could also harm our reputation with artists and fans and make
it more difficult for us to obtain sponsors. News of any such incident or accident could also reduce attendance at our events or lead to
the cancellation of all or part of an event or festival, in each case leading to a decrease in our revenue. While we maintain insurance
policies that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management’s judgment, to protect us from material financial loss for
personal injuries sustained by persons at our venues or accidents in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that this
insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. In particular, if there were to be a major incident resulting in multiple
deaths or injuries at one of our events or venues, it is unlikely our insurance would cover the full liability. We would be responsible for
any liabilities not covered by our insurance policies, which would negatively impact our cash flows and results of operations.
 
In addition, we are subject to state “dram shop” laws and regulations, which generally provide that a person injured by an
intoxicated person may seek to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated
person. Recent litigation of “dram shop” laws and regulations targeted at restaurant chains has resulted in significant judgments,
including many recent instances of punitive damages; such laws may be extended to apply to our events and festivals. While we carry
customary live events insurance as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance, we may still be subject to a judgment
in excess of our insurance coverage, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to maintain such insurance coverage at reasonable
costs, if at all. Regardless of whether any claims made against us are valid or whether we are liable, we may be adversely affected by
negative publicity resulting from such laws.
 
72

--- PAGE 91 ---
 
 
Certain activities or conduct, such as illegal drug use, at our in person festivals or events or festival or events we produce
may expose us to liability, cause us to lose business licenses or government approvals, result in the cancellation of all or a part of an
event or festival or result in adverse publicity.
 
We are subject to risks associated with certain activities or conduct, such as drug use at our festivals, events or venues, which
are illegal or violate the terms of our business licenses. Illegal activities or conduct at any of our events or venues may result in
negative publicity, adverse consequences (including illness, injury or death) to the persons engaged in the illegal activity or others and
litigation against us. We have historically instituted policies and procedures aimed at ensuring that the operation of each festival and
event is conducted in conformance with local, state and federal laws.  Additionally, we have a “no tolerance” policy on illegal drug use
in or around our facilities, and we continually monitor the actions of entertainers, fans and our employees to ensure that proper
behavioral standards are met. However, such policies, no matter how well designed and enforced, cannot provide absolute assurance
that the policies’ objectives are achieved. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems and policies, there can be no
assurance that our policies will prevent deliberate acts by persons attempting to violate or circumvent them. The consequences of these
acts may increase our costs, result in the loss or termination of leases for our venues by property owners (including governments and
other parties that own the land at our venues), result in our inability to get the necessary permits and locations for our events or lead to
the cancellation of all or part of an event or festival. These consequences may also make it more difficult for us to obtain or retain our
business partners, including sponsors, lower consumer demand for our events, subject us to liability claims, divert management’s
attention from our business and make an investment in our securities unattractive to current and potential investors. These outcomes
could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results.
 
We face intense competition in the live music, media and ticketing industries, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
 
We operate in the highly competitive live music, media and ticketing industries, and this competition may prevent us from
maintaining or increasing our current revenue. The live music industry, including electronic dance music, competes with other forms of
entertainment for consumers’ discretionary spending. Within the live music industry, we compete with other promoters and venue
operators to attract customers and talent to events and festivals, as well as to obtain the support of sponsors and advertisers and other
business partners. Our competitors include large promotion and entertainment companies, some with substantial scale, which have
begun to focus on EMC, smaller promoters that focus on a single festival or event or a particular region or country, venue operators and
other producers of live events. Some of our competitors are much larger than we are and have greater resources and stronger
relationships with artists, venues, sponsors and advertisers than we do. Others have substantial experience in and strong relationships in
the EMC community and are primarily focused on EMC. Our competitors may engage in more extensive development efforts for large-
scale events, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers
to existing and potential advertisers and sponsors and other business partners.
 
Our festival and events business is subject to substantial governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with these
regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our festival and events operations are subject to federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, policies and
procedures, which are subject to change at any time, governing matters such as:
  
●
operation of venues;
 
 
 
●
licensing, permitting and zoning, including ordinances relating to health, noise, traffic and pollution;
 
 
 
●
human health, safety and sanitation requirements;
 
 
 
●
the service of food and alcoholic beverages;
 
 
 
●
working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship and employment laws;
 
 
 
●
the ADA;
 
 
 
●
the FCPA and similar regulations in other countries;
 
 
 
●
sales and other taxes and withholding of taxes;
 
 
 

--- PAGE 92 ---
●
privacy laws and protection of personally identifiable information;
 
 
 
●
marketing activities via the telephone and online; and
 
 
 
●
primary ticketing and ticket resale services.
 
73

--- PAGE 93 ---
 
 
Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and proceedings against us by governmental
agencies and consumers, which if material, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations could restrict or unfavorably impact our business, which could decrease
demand for services, reduce revenue, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. For example, some legislatures have
proposed laws in the past that would impose potential liability on us and other promoters and producers of live music events for
entertainment taxes and for incidents that occur at events, particularly those that involve drugs and alcohol. Additionally, new
legislation could be passed that may negatively impact our business, such as provisions that have recently been proposed in various
jurisdictions that would restrict ticketing methods, mandate ticket inventory disclosure, and attack current policies governing season
tickets for sports teams.
 
From time to time, federal, state and local authorities and consumers commence investigations, inquiries or litigation with
respect to our compliance with applicable consumer protection, advertising, unfair business practice, antitrust (and similar or related
laws) and other laws. We may be required to incur significant legal expenses in connection with the defense of future governmental
investigations and litigation.
   
We depend on relationships with key event promoters, sponsor and marketing partners, executives, managers and artists,
and adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
Our event promotion business is particularly dependent upon personal relationships, as promoters and executives within
entertainment companies such as ours leverage their network of relationships with artists, agents, managers and sponsor and marketing
partners to secure the rights to the performers and events that are critical to our success. Due to the importance of those industry
contacts, the loss of any of our officers or other key personnel who have relationships with these artists, agents or managers could
adversely affect our venue management and event promotion businesses. While we have hiring policies and procedures and conduct
background checks of our promoters, executives, managers and artists, they may engage in or may have in the past engaged in conduct
we do not endorse or that is otherwise improper, which may result in reputational harm to us. Also, to the extent artists, agents and
managers we have relationships with are replaced with individuals with whom our officers or other key personnel do not have
relationships, our competitive position and financial condition could be adversely affected.
  
Our business is highly sensitive to public tastes and is dependent on our ability to secure popular artists and other live
music events, and we and our ticketing clients may be unable to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences, which
may result in decreased demand for our services.
  
Our business is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes and is dependent on the availability of popular artists and
events. Our live entertainment business depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes of consumers and to offer events that
appeal to them. Since we rely on unrelated parties to create and perform at live music events, any unwillingness to tour or lack of
availability of popular artists could limit our ability to generate revenue. Our artist management business could be adversely affected if
the artists it represents do not tour or perform as frequently as anticipated, or if such tours or performances are not as widely attended
by fans as anticipated due to changing tastes, general economic conditions or otherwise. Our ticketing business relies on third parties to
create and perform live entertainment, sporting and leisure events and to price tickets to such events.
 
In addition, our live entertainment business typically books our live music tours in advance of the beginning of a live event
and often agrees to pay an artist a fixed guaranteed amount prior to our receiving any revenue. Therefore, if the public is not receptive
to the live event, or we or an artist cancel the show, we may incur a loss for the event depending on the amount of the fixed guarantee
or incurred costs relative to any revenue earned, as well as revenue we could have earned at booked venues. We do have cancellation
insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses if an artist cancels a tour but such policies may not be sufficient and are
subject to deductibles. Furthermore, consumer preferences change from time to time, and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to
these changes could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.
 
74

--- PAGE 94 ---
 
 
Poor weather adversely affects attendance at our live music events, which could negatively impact our financial
performance from period to period.
We promote many live music events. Weather conditions surrounding these events affect sales of tickets, concessions and
merchandise, among other things. Poor weather conditions can have a material effect on our results of operations particularly because
we promote and/or ticket a finite number of events. Increased weather variability due to climate change exacerbates weather-related
issues we face. Due to weather conditions, we may be required to cancel or reschedule an event to another available day or a different
venue, which would increase our costs for the event and could negatively impact the attendance at the event, as well as concession and
merchandise sales. Poor weather can affect current periods as well as successive events in future periods.
 
We depend on our ability to lease venues for our events, and if we are unable to do so on acceptable terms, or at all, our
results of operations could be adversely affected.
 
Our business requires access to venues to generate revenue from live EMC events. For these events, we generally lease and
operate a number of venues or locations under various agreements which include leases or licenses with third-parties or booking
agreements, which are agreements where we contract to book the events at a venue or location for a specific period of time. Some of
the leases we enter into may be between us and governmental entities. Our long-term success will depend in part on the availability of
venues, our ability to lease these venues and our ability to enter into booking agreements upon their expiration. As many of these
agreements are with third-parties over whom we have little or no control, including the government, we may be unable to renew these
agreements or enter into new agreements on acceptable terms or at all. We may continue to expand our operations through the
development of live music venues and the expansion of existing live music venues, which poses a number of risks, including:
  
●
desirable sites for live music events may be unavailable or costly;
 
 
 
●
the attractiveness of our venues and locations may deteriorate over time;
 
 
 
●
our competitors may outbid us for the use of certain venues and locations;
 
 
 
●
we may be unable to obtain or we may lose local government permits or approvals necessary to use a particular venue or
location; and
 
 
 
●
a particular venue or location, including one we have used in the past, may determine that events or festivals like ours
would be inappropriate for their property.
 
We may depend upon unionized labor for the provision of some services at our events and any work stoppages or labor
disturbances could disrupt our business.
 
Certain of the employees at some of the venues we manage, and other independent contractors hired to assist at our festivals
and events, may be subject to collective bargaining agreements. The applicable union agreements typically expire and may require
negotiation in the ordinary course of business. Upon the expiration of any such collective bargaining agreements, however, our partners
may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, and our business operations may be interrupted as
a result of labor disputes or difficulties and delays in the process of renegotiating such collective bargaining agreements. In addition,
our business operations at one or more of our venues may also be interrupted as a result of labor disputes by outside unions attempting
to unionize a venue even though there is not unionized labor at that venue currently. A work stoppage at one or more of our owned
and/or operated venues or at our promoted events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition. We cannot predict the effect that a potential work stoppage would have on our business.
 
75

--- PAGE 95 ---
 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely impacting our ability to produce on-premise live events, and to a lesser extent
portions of our programmatic advertising revenue; the pandemic is also adversely affecting our global economy, which could
adversely impact other parts of our business, including our ability to access capital markets, if and when required. Additional
factors could exacerbate such negative consequences and/or cause other and potentially materially adverse effects.
 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19 in December 2019 subsequently became a pandemic after spreading
globally, including the United States, and continues as of the date of this Annual Report. While the COVID-19 pandemic did not
materially adversely affect our financial results and business operations during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, it did adversely
impact parts of our business during the first quarter of fiscal March 31, 2021, namely our live events and programmatic advertising. We
began to experience modest adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and
this impact is expected to continue throughout at least the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, and possibly longer. Due to the global
pandemic and government actions taking in response, since March 2020, all in person festivals, concerts and events have either been
canceled or suspended, and it is uncertain when they will be permitted to resume. Some in person festivals, concerts and events have
resumed in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. With our acquisition of React Presents in February 2020, we were unable to produce and
promote more than 200 forecasted live events in fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, including our flagship live event Spring Awakening
festival which is typically annually produced in June. With our Spring Awakening - Autumn Equinox festival held on October 2 and 3,
2021 in Chicago, Illinois, we have resumed producing certain live events; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
be able to produce our flagship live event Spring Awakening festival or other live events due to the uncertainties surrounding the
COVID-19 pandemic, or that the number of paid festival and live event attendees will reach the same levels as pre pandemic.
Moreover, our programmatic advertising is presently adversely impacted as COVID-19 caused advertising demand to decline and as a
result, overall advertising cost per thousand impressions rates across our platform were subsequently reduced. Furthermore, as of the
date of this Annual Report, we are not livestreaming any fan attended live festivals, concerts or other in-person live events on our
platform or channels and it is unclear when streaming of fan attended live festivals, concerts or other in-person live events will again
become available to us. In addition, the outbreak and any preventative or protective actions that governments, other third parties or we
may take in respect of the coronavirus may result in a continued or periodic business disruption and reduced operations.
 
The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our results will depend on future developments, including new information which
may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken by us and our partners to contain the coronavirus or treat
its impact, among others. The impact of the suspension or cancellation of in-person live festivals, concerts or other live events, and any
other continuing effects of COVID-19 on our business operations (such as general economic conditions and impacts on the advertising,
sponsorship and ticketing marketplace and our partners), may result in a decrease in our revenues, and if the global COVID-19
epidemic continues for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected.
 
Our new distribution agreements are dependent upon our compliance with their contractual obligations. Our distribution
agreements generally require us to meet certain content criteria, such as availability of a minimum threshold for event content
streaming throughout the year for our distributors. If we were unable to meet these criteria due to the suspension of in person festivals
and live events, we could become subject to remedies available to the distributors. In addition, the absence of in person festivals and
live events could impact our ability to renew expiring agreements on terms as attractive as our existing terms or at all. We may also be
forced develop a significant number of additional digital events and festivals and/or more rapidly than we originally anticipated to fill
the content requirements on our platform, including those required by our distributors. Furthermore, government actions or regulations
applicable to our business or our distributors in response to COVID-19 could have an adverse effect on our revenues.
 
Our estimate of the ultimate impact of the coronavirus pandemic, including the extent of any adverse impacts on our business,
revenues, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, which will depend on, among other things, the duration and spread
of coronavirus, the impact of federal and local government actions that have been and continue to be taken in response, and the
effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic and economic conditions is subject to significant uncertainty.
 
76

--- PAGE 96 ---
 
 
Depending on the duration and severity of the current COVID-19 pandemic, it may also have the effect of heightening many
of the other risks described in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC, such as risks relating to our ability to further
develop and execute on our business plan; our ability to access capital markets to obtain additional sources of suitable and adequate
financing; restricted access to capital and increased borrowing costs; our ability to fund our current debt obligations and complying
with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our existing indebtedness; our ability to fund potential acquisitions and
capital expenditures; and our ability to maintain adequate internal controls in the event that our employees are restricted from accessing
our regular offices for a significant period of time.
 
We cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate impact and duration of the coronavirus pandemic, including the extent of any
adverse impacts on our business, revenues, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, which cannot currently be
predicted and will depend on, among other things, the duration and spread of coronavirus, the impact of federal and local government
actions that have been and continue to be taken in response, and the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic
and economic conditions.
 
Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock
 
The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile.
 
The trading price of our common stock may be volatile. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a
variety of factors, including the following:
 
●
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;
 
 
 
●
actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities
analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
 
 
 
●
issuance of our equity or debt securities, or disclosure or announcements relating thereto;
 
 
 
●
the lack of a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market for our common stock;
 
 
 
●
additional shares of our common stock being sold into the market by us or our stockholders or the anticipation of such
sales;
 
 
 
●
our convertible debt securities being converted into equity or the anticipation of such conversion;
 
 
 
●
announcements by us or our competitors of significant events or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
 
 
 
●
changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of companies in our industry;
 
 
 
●
price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;
 
 
 
●
expiration of the lock-up period, as more fully discussed below;
 
 
 
●
lawsuits threatened or filed against us;
 
 
 
●
regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; and
 
 
 
●
other events or factors, including those resulting from impact of COVID-19 epidemic, war or incidents of terrorism, other
epidemics, or responses to these events. 
 
In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the
market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
  
77

--- PAGE 97 ---
 
 
We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be consummated, fully or all, or that it will enhance long-
term shareholder value. Stock repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our
cash reserves.
 
In December 2020, we announced that our board of directors has authorized the repurchase up to two million shares of our
outstanding common stock from time to time. The timing, price, and quantity of purchases under the program will be at the discretion
of our management and will depend upon a variety of factors including share price, general and business market conditions,
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, corporate and regulatory requirements, and alternative uses of capital. The program
may be expanded, suspended, or discontinued by our board of directors at any time. Although our board of directors has authorized this
stock repurchase program, there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares, if any, that will be repurchased by us, and we may
discontinue purchases at any time that management determines additional purchases are not warranted. We cannot guarantee that the
program will be consummated, fully or all, or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading
price of our common stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in
the trading price of our common stock. In addition, this program could diminish our cash reserves.
  
Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and stockholders affiliated with him own a significant percentage of our stock
and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.
 
Mr. Ellin, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and his affiliates beneficially owned approximately 22% of shares of our
common stock issued and outstanding as of June 29, 2022 (not including Mr. Ellin’s options which have an exercise price substantially
above the market price of our common stock as of the date of this Annual Report). Therefore, Mr. Ellin and stockholders affiliated with
him may have the ability to influence us through their ownership positions. Mr. Ellin and these stockholders may be able to determine
or significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, Mr. Ellin and these stockholders, acting together,
may be able to control or significantly influence elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of
any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or
offers for our common stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.
 
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by certain of our stockholders could
cause our stock price to fall.
 
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might
occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional
equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock.
 
As discussed above, our directors, executive officers and the entities affiliated with our directors and executive officers are
subject to lock-up agreements with the underwriters of the Public Offering that restrict the stockholders’ ability to transfer shares of our
common stock for 540 days from December 22, 2017. In addition, in connection with the Slacker Acquisition, participating Slacker
stockholders in the transaction entered into a similar 540-day lock-up agreement (from December 22, 2017) with the underwriters with
respect to the transfer or disposition of the shares of our common stock received in connection with the Slacker Acquisition, or an
aggregate of approximately 7.8 million shares.
 
Subject to certain limitations, all of our outstanding shares held by our directors, executive officers and entities affiliated with
our directors prior to the Public Offering, and the other shares subject to lock-up periods described above, will become eligible for sale
upon expiration of the applicable lock-up period. In addition, shares issued or issuable upon exercise of warrants, if any, held by these
stockholders and vested as of the expiration of the lock-up period will be eligible for sale at that time. Furthermore, the holders of
Subordinated Notes may elect to convert their debentures into shares of our common stock, in addition to any interest thereunder. Sales
of stock by these stockholders and/or debtholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock.
 
78

--- PAGE 98 ---
 
 
Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity
incentive plan and any acquisition agreement, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders
and could cause our stock price to fall.
 
We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we
raise additional capital by issuing equity and/or convertible securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may
sell or otherwise issue our common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a
manner, we determine from time to time. If we sell or issue our common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more
than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent issuances. These issuances may also result in material dilution
to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. We may pay for future
acquisitions with additional issuances of shares of our common stock as well, which would result in further dilution for existing
stockholders.
 
Pursuant to our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the “2016 Plan”), there are 17,600,000 shares of our common stock
reserved for future issuance to our employees, directors and consultants. If our board of directors elects to issue additional shares of our
common stock, stock options, restricted stock units and/or other equity-based awards under the 2016 Plan, as amended, our
stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall.
 
Conversion of the Harvest Notes and/or convertible notes will dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders,
including holders who had previously converted their convertible notes, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.
 
The conversion of some or all of the Harvest Notes and/or convertible notes in shares of our common stock will dilute the
ownership interests of our existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion. Any sales in the
public market of the shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion and/or any anticipated conversion of the Harvest Notes
or convertible notes into shares of our common stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.
 
FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock.
 
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to
a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to
obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable
for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for
broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our
stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock.
  
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
our share price and trading volume could decline.
 
The trading market for our shares of common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about us. Securities and industry analysts currently provide publish limited research focused on our Company. If the
current securities or industry analysts do not provide extensive coverage or commence coverage of our Company, the price and trading
volume of our shares of common stock could be negatively impacted. If other securities or industry analysts initiate coverage and one
or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares of common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
Company, the price of our shares of common stock would likely decline. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage
of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares of common stock could decrease, which might cause
the price of our shares of common stock and trading volume to decline.
 
79

--- PAGE 99 ---
 
 
As a smaller reporting company, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for
investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects
 
Because the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was less than $250 million as of the last business day of
our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, we continue to be a “smaller reporting company” as defined by the SEC’s revised rules.
As a “smaller reporting company,” we (i) are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings, (ii) are
exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms
provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) have certain other decreased
disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements in
our annual reports. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial
prospects. We will remain a smaller reporting company if we have either (i) a public float of less than $250 million held by non-
affiliates as of the last business day of the second quarter of our then current fiscal year or (ii) annual revenues of less than $100 million
during such recently completed fiscal year with less than $700 million in public float as of the last business day of the second quarter of
such fiscal year.
  
If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could
decline.
 
The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline.
 
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
 
Section 382 and 383 (“Section 382 and 383”) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), contains rules
that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change to utilize its net operating losses (“NOLs”) and tax credits
existing as of the date of such ownership change. Under the rules, such an ownership change is generally any change in ownership of
more than 50% of a company’s stock within a rolling three-year period. The rules generally operate by focusing on changes in
ownership among stockholders considered by the rules as owning, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the stock of a company and any
change in ownership arising from new issuances of stock by the company. As a result of these Section 382 and 383 limitations, any
ownership changes as defined by Section 382 and 383 may limit the amount of NOL carryforwards that could be utilized annually to
offset future taxable income.
 
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock.
 
We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future
earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. Additionally, any credit and security agreement that we may enter into in the future will likely contain covenants
that will restrict our ability to pay dividends. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock.
 
Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and provisions under Delaware law could make it more difficult
for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, and may prevent
or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
 
Some provisions of our charter documents may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others,
even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current management. These provisions include: authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock, the terms of which may be
established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; and establishing advance notice requirements for
nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings.
  
These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by
making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members
of our management.
 
80

--- PAGE 100 ---
 
 
In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“Section 203”)
regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder (generally, any entity, person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding
voting stock of the company) for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder, unless:
  
●
prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or
the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
 
 
 
●
upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested
stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced,
excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the
interested stockholder, (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee
stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject
to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
 
 
 
●
at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an
annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the
outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.
 
This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, whether or not it is desired by or beneficial
to our stockholders.
 
***
 
The risks above do not necessarily comprise of all those associated with an investment in our Company. This Annual Report
contains forward looking statements that involve unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results,
financial condition, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to,
those set out above. 
 
81

--- PAGE 101 ---
 
 
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
None.
 
Item 2. Properties 
 
Effective January 1, 2021, our temporary principal executive offices are located at 269 S. Beverly Drive, Suite #1450, Beverly
Hills, 90212. We intend to combine all of our Los Angeles-based operations under one address. Slacker leases its San Diego premises
located at 16935 West Bernardo Drive, Suite #270, San Diego, CA 92127, under operating leases which expired on December 31, 2021,
and is currently month to month. PodcastOne leases its Los Angeles premises located at 335 North Maple Drive, Suite 127, Beverly
Hills, CA 90210, under an operating lease which expired on December 31, 2020 and is currently month to month. React Presents leased
its Chicago, Illinois premises under an operating lease which expired October 9, 2020 and was month to month until terminated
effective April 30, 2022. CPS leases its Chicago premises located at 31 Mitchell Court, Addison, IL 60101, under an operating lease
which expires on June 30, 2024. We believe that each of these properties are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our
business. We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or
interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.
 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
We are from time to time, party to various legal proceedings arising out of our business. Certain legal proceedings in which we
are involved are discussed in Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.
Financial Statement and Supplementary Data, and are incorporated herein by reference. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results.
  
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
Not applicable.
 
82

--- PAGE 102 ---
 
 
PART II
 
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
 
Our shares of common stock were trading publicly on The NASDAQ Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol LIVX
from February 2018 until October 5, 2021 and have been trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol of LVO since October 6, 2021.
 
Number of Holders
 
As of May 31, 2022, there were 416 stockholders of record of our common stock. This figure does not include an estimate of
the indeterminate number of beneficial holders whose shares may be held of record by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. This
number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.
 
Dividends
 
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for the future operation and expansion of our business.
Any determination to pay cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our
results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
 
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
Other than as set forth below and as reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K,
there have been no other sales or issuances of unregistered securities since April 1, 2019 were not registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
   
Issuances of Shares, Options and Restricted Stock Units to Consultants, Employees, and Vendors
 
Fiscal Year 2022
 
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 3,618,731 shares of our common stock and no shares
of unregistered restricted stock units to our consultants, employees, and vendors, respectively.
 
Fiscal Year 2021
 
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 10,428,085 shares of our common stock and no shares
of unregistered restricted stock units to our consultants, employees, and vendors, respectively.
 
Fiscal Year 2020
 
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 1,709,146 shares of our common stock and 4,048,306
unregistered restricted stock units to our consultants, employees, and vendors, respectively.
 
Issuance of Securities in Private Offerings for Cash
 
Fiscal Years 2022, 2021 and 2020
 
None.
 
83

--- PAGE 103 ---
 
 
Except as otherwise noted, the securities in the transactions describe above were sold in reliance on the exemption from
registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D as offers and sales of securities not
involving any public offering. Each of the persons acquiring the foregoing securities pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D was an
accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and confirmed the foregoing and acknowledged, in writing, that the
securities must be acquired and held for investment. All certificates evidencing the shares sold bore a restrictive legend. No underwriter
participated in the offer and sale of these securities, and no commission or other remuneration was paid or given directly or indirectly in
connection therewith. The proceeds from these sales were used for general corporate purposes.
 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
In December 2020, we announced that our board of directors has authorized the repurchase up to 2 million shares of our
outstanding common stock from time to time. The timing, price, and quantity of purchases under the program will be at the discretion
of our management and will depend upon a variety of factors including share price, general and business market conditions,
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, corporate and regulatory requirements, and alternative uses of capital. The program
may be expanded, suspended, or discontinued by our board of directors at any time. Although our board of directors has authorized this
stock repurchase program, there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares, if any, that will be repurchased by us, and we may
discontinue purchases at any time that management determines additional purchases are not warranted. We cannot guarantee that the
program will be consummated, fully or all, or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading
price of our common stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in
the trading price of our common stock. In addition, this program could diminish our cash reserves. As of March 31, 2022, there have
been no repurchases of our outstanding common stock.
 
Subsequent to March 31, 2022, and as of June 28, 2022, we repurchased 1,186,221 shares of our common stock at an average
price of $0.84 per share
 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
 
See “Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters —
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans” of this Annual Report.
  
Item 6. [Reserved]
 
84

--- PAGE 104 ---
 
 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
 
We make forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein within the
meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations or forecasts for
future events, including without limitation our earnings, revenues, expenses or other future financial or business performance or
strategies, or the impact of legal or regulatory matters on our business, results of operations or financial condition. These statements
may be preceded by, followed by or include the words “may,” “might,” “will,” “will likely result,” “should,” “estimate,” “plan,”
“project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “continue,” “target” or similar expressions. These forward-
looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report and on our current expectations,
forecasts and assumptions, and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements herein due to a variety of factors, including: our reliance on one key customer for a
substantial percentage of its revenue; our ability to consummate any proposed financing, acquisition, spin-out, distribution or
transaction, the timing of the closing of such proposed event, including the risks that a condition to closing would not be satisfied
within the expected timeframe or at all, or that the closing of any proposed financing, acquisition, spin-out, distribution or transaction
will not occur or whether any such event will enhance shareholder value; our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to
attract, maintain and increase the number of its users and paid members; our identifying, acquiring, securing and developing content;
our intent to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time under our announced stock repurchase program and the timing,
price, and quantity of repurchases, if any, under the program; our ability to maintain compliance with certain financial and other
covenants; successfully implementing our growth strategy, including relating to our technology platforms and applications;
management's relationships with industry stakeholders; the effects of the global Covid-19 pandemic; changes in economic conditions;
competition; risks and uncertainties applicable to the businesses of our subsidiaries; and other risks, uncertainties and factors set forth
in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result
of as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.
 
The following discussion and analysis of our business and results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and
our financial conditions at that date, should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. As used herein, “LiveOne,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us” and similar terms refer collectively
to LiveOne, Inc. (formerly known as LiveXLive Media, Inc.) and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
 
Overview of the Company
 
We are a pioneer in the acquisition, distribution and monetization of live music, Internet radio, podcasting and music-related
streaming and video content. Our principal operations and decision-making functions are located in North America. We manage and
report our businesses as a single operating segment. Our senior management regularly reviews our operating results, principally to
make decisions about how we allocate our resources and to measure our segment and consolidated operating performance. In prior
fiscal years we generated a majority of our revenue primarily through membership services from our streaming radio and music
services, and to a lesser extent through advertising and licensing across our music platform. In the fourth quarter of our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2020, we began generating ticketing, sponsorship, and promotion-related revenue from live music events through our
February 2020 acquisition of React Presents. In May 2020, we launched a new pay-per-view (“PPV”) offering enabling new forms of
artist revenue including digital tickets, tipping, digital meet and greets, merchandise sales and sponsorship. In July 2020, we entered the
podcasting business with the acquisition of PodcastOne and in December 2020, we entered the merchandising business with the
acquisition of CPS. In October 2021, we entered artist and brand development and music-related press relations business through our
acquisition of Gramophone.
 
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported revenue of $117.0 million and $65.2 million, respectively.
For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer accounted for 28% and 36% of our consolidated revenues, respectively.
 
85

--- PAGE 105 ---
 
 
Fiscal 2022 Significant Transactions
  
Acquisition of Gramophone
 
On October 17, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary, LiveXLive PR, Inc., acquired 100% of the equity interests of
Gramophone for net consideration of $0.4 million consisting of 79,365 shares of our common stock with a fair value of $0.1 million net
of a 25% discount for lack of marketability, contingent consideration with a fair value of $0.2 million comprised of shares held in
escrow and a cash earnout, and cash of $0.2 million. The shares of our common stock are subject to a twelve-month lock-up period and
will thereafter remain subject to sales volume restrictions.
 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note
  
Effective December 31, 2021,  the Note holder converted the Note in whole pursuant to an exchange agreement which
provided for an exchange of the Note into shares of our common stock at a price of $2.10 per share, resulting in 1,155,143 shares
issued upon the exchange. As a result of the incentives offered to the Note holder, we recorded a $0.8 million expense to Other Income
(expense).
 
Extinguishment of Debt
 
We had outstanding 8.5% unsecured convertible notes payable (the “Trinad Notes”) issued to Trinad Capital Master Fund Ltd.
(“Trinad Capital”), a fund controlled by Mr. Ellin, our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, director and principal stockholder. The
Trinad Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at a fixed conversion price of $3.00 per share.
 
On August 11, 2021, we entered into an Amendment of Notes Agreement (the “Amendment Agreement”) with Trinad Capital
pursuant to which the maturity date of all of the Trinad Notes was extended to May 31, 2023, and in consideration of such extension,
we issued to Trinad Capital 33,654 shares of our common stock. We determined that the amendment should be accounted for as an
extinguishment and recorded the amended debt instrument at fair value which included the consideration in common stock transferred.
The resulting loss on extinguishment recorded of $4.3 million is included in “Loss on extinguishment of debt”.
 
We may not redeem any of the Trinad Notes prior to May 31, 2023 without Trinad Capital’s consent.
 
Senior Secured Revolving Line of Credit
 
On June 2, 2021, we entered into a Business Loan Agreement with East West Bank (the “Senior Lender”), which provides for
a revolving credit facility collateralized by all of the assets of our Company and our subsidiaries. In connection with the Business Loan
Agreement, we entered into a Promissory Note with the Senior Lender and established the revolving line of credit in the amount of
$7.0 million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), maturing on June 2, 2023. Under the terms of the Promissory Note, the Revolving
Credit Facility bears interest at a variable rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, plus 0.5%.
 
CEO Salary
 
In calendar 2022, our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, director and significant stockholder, Robert S. Ellin, desiring to
continue to demonstrate confidence in our Company and to assist our objective to achieve annual cost and expense reductions, agreed
to forego his monthly cash base salary through at least December 31, 2022 in exchange for shares of our common stock that are
anticipated to vest in full in calendar year 2023, and will vest, be calculated and issued subject to our board of directors’ approval.
 
86

--- PAGE 106 ---
 
 
Basis of Presentation
 
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and include all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for
the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022. The presented financial information
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 includes the financial information and activities of LiveOne, PodcastOne and CPS for the full
year and Gramophone from the effective date of the acquisition.
 
Opportunities, Challenges and Risks
 
For our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we derived 35% of our revenue from paid memberships and the remainder from
advertising, ticketing, sponsorship, merchandising and licensing. During fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we (i) acquired
Gramophone (effective October 17, 2021), (ii) delivered live events digitally live streamed across our platform, (iii) increased our
sponsorship revenue from live events when compared to prior fiscal years and (iv) had revenue from our PPV platform for an entire
year, allowing us to charge customers directly to access and watch certain live events digitally on our music platform. As a result of
these actions, our revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was comprised of 35% from paid members, 29% from advertising,
13% from merchandise, 17% from ticketing and 6% from sponsorship and licensing. Conversely, the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
impacted our on-premise live events, concerts and festivals through React Presents and our programmatic advertising as more fully
discussed below. As the impact of COVID-19 eases around the world and related government actions are relaxed in the markets in
which we operate, we expect to gradually increase our production of on-premise live music events and generate revenue through co-
promotion fees, sponsorships, food and beverage and ticket sales of on-premise live events in the near term.
 
We believe there is substantial near and long-term value in our live music content. We believe the monetary value of
broadcasting live music will follow a similar evolution to live sporting events such as the National Football League, Major League
Baseball and the National Basketball Association, whereby sports broadcasting rights became more valuable as the demand for live
sporting events increased over the past 20 years. As a thought leader in live music, we plan to acquire the broadcasting rights to as
many of the top live music events and festivals that are available to us. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we livestreamed
126 major festivals and live music events compared to 146 in the prior fiscal year. In the near term, we will continue aggregating our
digital traffic across these festivals and monetizing the live broadcasting of these events through advertising, brand sponsorships and
licensing of certain broadcasting rights outside of North America. The long-term economics of any future agreement involving
festivals, programming, production, broadcasting, streaming, advertising, sponsorships, and licensing could positively or negatively
impact our liquidity, growth, margins, relationships, and ability to deploy and grow our future services with current or future customers,
and are heavily dependent upon the easing and elimination of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 
With the acceleration of our live events, we have also begun to package, produce and broadcast our live music content on a
24/7/365 basis across our music platform and grow our paid members. Recently, we have entered into distribution relationships with a
variety of platforms, including Roku, AppleTV, Amazon Fire, linear OTT platforms such as STIRR and XUMO. As we continue to
have more distribution channels, rights and viewership and expand our original programming capabilities, we believe there is a
substantial opportunity to increase our brand, advertising, viewership and membership capabilities and corresponding revenue,
domestically and globally.
 
We believe our operating results and performance are, and will continue to be, driven by various factors that affect the music
industry. Our ability to attract, grow and retain users to our platform is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public music preferences
and technology and is dependent on our ability to maintain the attractiveness of our platform, content and reputation to our customers.
Beyond fiscal year 2022, the future revenue and operating growth across our music platform will rely heavily on our ability to grow our
member base in a cost effective manner, continue to develop and deploy quality and innovative new music services, provide unique and
attractive content to our customers, continue to grow the number of listeners on our platform and live music festivals we stream, grow
and retain customers and secure sponsorships to facilitate future revenue growth from advertising and e-commerce across our platform.
 
87

--- PAGE 107 ---
 
 
As our music platform continues to evolve, we believe there are opportunities to expand our services by adding more content
in a greater variety of formats such as podcasts and vodcasts, extending our distribution to include pay television, OTT and social
channels, deploying new services for our members, artist merchandise and live music event ticket sales, and licensing user data across
our platform. Our acquisitions of PodcastOne, CPS and Gramophone are reflective of our flywheel operating model. Conversely, the
evolution of technology presents an inherent risk to our business. Today, we see large opportunities to expand our music services within
North America and other parts of the world where we will need to make substantial investments to improve our current service
offerings. As a result, and during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we will continue to invest in product and engineering to further
develop our future music apps and services, and we expect to continue making significant product development investments to our
existing technology solutions over the next 12 to 24 months to address these opportunities.
  
As our platform matures, we also expect our Contribution Margins, Adjusted Earnings before income tax, depreciation and
amortization (“EBITDA”) and Adjusted EBITDA Margins to improve in the near and long term, which are non-GAAP measures as
defined in section following below titled, “Non-GAAP Measures”. Historically, our live events business has not generated enough
direct revenue to cover the costs to produce such events, and as a result generated negative Contribution Margins, Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA Margins and operating losses. Beginning in late March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had an adverse impact
on on-premise live music events and festivals. Historically, we produced and digitally distributed the live music performances of many
of these large global music events to fans all around the world. With the elimination of any fan-attended music events, festivals and
concerts, we shifted our operating model beginning in April 2020 towards self-producing live music events that were 100% digital
(e.g., artists not performing in front of live fans and solely for digital distribution). In April 2020, we also launched our first all-digital
music festival, Music Lives, which aired continuously for over 48 straight hours, with nearly 100 artists and generated over 50 million
livestreams and over 6.5 billion video views of the of hashtag #musiclives across TikTok. Music Lives was simulcast across our
platform and on TikTok’s platform, who also sponsored the event. In March 2021, we held our second annual Music Lives festival,
which featured 130 artists performing over 72 continuous hours generating nearly 28 million livestreams.
 
Growth in our music services is also dependent upon the number of customers that use and pay for our services, the
attractiveness of our music platform to sponsors and advertisers and our ability to negotiate favorable economic terms with music
labels, publishers, artists and/or festival owners, and the number of consumers who use our services. Growth in our margins is heavily
dependent on our ability to grow the membership base in a cost-efficient manner, coupled with the managing the costs associated with
implementing and operating our services, including the costs of licensing music with the music labels, producing, streaming and
distributing video and audio content and sourcing and distributing personalized products and gifts. Our ability to attract and retain new
and existing customers will be highly dependent on our abilities to implement and continually improve upon our technology and
services on a timely basis and continually improve our network and operations as technology changes and as we experience increased
network capacity constraints as we continue to grow.
 
For the majority of our agreements with festival owners, we acquire the global broadcast rights. Moreover, the digital rights
we acquire principally include any format and screen, and future rights to VR and AR. For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021,
all material amounts of our revenue were derived from customers located in the United States and moreover, one of our customers
accounted for 28% and 36% of our consolidated revenue. This significant concentration of revenue from one customer poses risks to
our operating results, and any change in the means this customer utilizes our services beyond March 31, 2022 could cause our revenue
to fluctuate significantly. In the long term, we plan to expand our business further internationally in places such as Europe, Asia Pacific
and Latin America, and as a result will continue to incur significant incremental upfront expenses associated with these growth
opportunities.
 
88

--- PAGE 108 ---
 
 
Effects of COVID-19
 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19 in December 2019 subsequently became a pandemic after spreading
globally, including the United States. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative effect on the global economy,
disrupting the financial markets creating increasing volatility and overall uncertainty. We began to experience modest adverse impacts
of the COVID-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and became more adverse throughout the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021 and up to the third quarter of fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. Although the impact has subsided, we
expect to continue experiencing modest adverse impacts throughout the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. Our event and
programmatic advertising revenues were directly impacted throughout the 2021 fiscal year and mid-way through the 2022 fiscal year
with all on-premise in-person live music festivals and events postponed and mixed demand from historical advertising partners.
Further, one of our larger customers also experienced a temporary halt to its production as a result of COVID-19, which negatively
impacted our near-term member growth in the 2021 fiscal year. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we enacted several
initiatives to counteract these near-term challenges, including salary reductions, obtaining a Paycheck Protection Program loan and
pivoting its live music production to 100% digital. The Company began producing, curating, and broadcasting digital music festivals
and events across its platform which has resulted in the growth in the number of live events streamed, related sponsorship revenue and
overall viewership. We also launched a new PPV offering in May 2020, enabling new forms of artist revenue including digital tickets,
tipping, digital meet and greet and merchandise sales. However, there is uncertainty as to the duration and overall impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic, which could result in an adverse material change in a future period to our results of operations, financial position
and liquidity. 
 
The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, including new information which
may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken by us and our partners to contain the coronavirus or treat
its impact, among others. The impact of the suspension or cancellation of in-person live festivals, concerts or other live events, and any
other continuing effects of COVID-19 on our business operations (such as general economic conditions and impacts on the advertising,
sponsorship and ticketing marketplace and our partners), may result in a decrease in our revenues, and if the global COVID-19
epidemic continues for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected.
 
Non-GAAP Measures
 
Contribution margin
 
Contribution Margin is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as Revenue less Cost of Sales.
 
Adjusted EBITDA
 
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”) is a non-GAAP financial
measure that we define as net income (loss) before (a) non-cash GAAP purchase accounting adjustments for certain deferred revenue
and costs, (b) legal, accounting and other professional fees directly attributable to acquisition activity, (c) employee severance
payments and third party professional fees directly attributable to acquisition or corporate realignment activities, (d) certain non-
recurring expenses associated with legal settlements or reserves for legal settlements in the period that pertain to historical matters that
existed at acquired companies prior to their purchase date, (e) depreciation and amortization (including goodwill impairment, if any),
and (f) certain stock-based compensation expense. We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the performance of our operating segment.
We believe that information about Adjusted EBITDA assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of
our business separate from non-operational factors that affect net income (loss), thus providing insights into both operations and the
other factors that affect reported results. Adjusted EBITDA is not calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP. A limitation of the
use of Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure is that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain amortizing assets used in
generating revenue in our business. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for,
operating income (loss), net income (loss), and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP.
Furthermore, this measure may vary among other companies; thus, Adjusted EBITDA as presented herein may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures of other companies.
 
89

--- PAGE 109 ---
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin
 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Revenue.
 
The following table sets forth the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most comparable GAAP financial
measure for the year ended March 31 (in thousands):
 
 
  Net Loss    
Depreciation and
Amortization
   
Stock-Based
Compensation   
Non-Recurring
Acquisition and
Realignment
Costs
   
Other
(income)
expense    
Provision for
(benefit
from) income
taxes
   
Adjusted
EBITDA  
2022
   
      
      
      
      
      
      
  
Operations
  $
(15,020)  $
9,587    $
4,167    $
443    $
(33)  $
-    $
(856)
Corporate
   
(28,892)   
37     
8,536     
1,664     
5,909     
183     
(12,563)
Total
  $
(43,912)  $
9,624    $
12,703    $
2,107    $
5,876    $
183    $
(13,419)
2021
   
      
      
      
      
      
      
  
Operations
  $
(21,199)  $
8,756    $
6,093    $
1,107    $
5,665    $
(392)  $
30 
Corporate
   
(20,621)   
14     
5,189     
2,371     
7,130     
47     
(5,870)
Total
  $
(41,820)  $
8,770    $
11,282    $
3,478    $
12,795    $
(345)  $
(5,840)
 
The following table sets forth the reconciliation of Contribution Margin to Revenue, the most comparable GAAP financial
measure (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
   
   
 
 
Revenue:
  $
117,019    $
65,230 
Less:
   
      
  
Cost of sales
   
(92,980)    
(48,987)
Amortization of developed technology
   
(3,856)    
(3,856)
Gross Profit
   
20,183     
12,387 
 
   
      
  
Add back amortization of developed technology:
   
3,856     
3,856 
Contribution Margin
  $
24,039    $
16,243 
 
90

--- PAGE 110 ---
 
 
Consolidated Results of Operations
 
The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial
results is not necessarily indicative of future results (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,    
Year Ended
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Revenue:
  $
117,019    $
65,230 
 
   
      
  
Operating expenses:
   
      
  
Cost of sales
   
92,980     
48,987 
Sales and marketing
   
14,114     
9,517 
Product development
   
8,092     
9,680 
General and administrative
   
33,681     
20,831 
Amortization of intangible assets
   
6,005     
5,585 
Total operating expenses
   
154,872     
94,600 
Loss from operations
   
(37,853)    
(29,370)
 
   
      
  
Other income (expense):
   
      
  
Interest expense, net
   
(4,123)    
(5,303)
Loss on extinguishment of debt
   
(4,321)    
(5,180)
Forgiveness of PPP loans
   
3,110     
- 
Other expense
   
(542)    
(2,312)
Total other expense, net
   
(5,876)    
(12,795)
 
   
      
  
Loss before income taxes
   
(43,729)    
(42,165)
 
   
      
  
Income tax provision (benefit)
   
183     
(345)
Net loss
  $
(43,912)   $
(41,820)
 
   
      
  
Net loss per share – basic and diluted
  $
(0.56)   $
(0.61)
 
   
      
  
Weighted average common shares – basic and diluted
    79,084,930      69,040,055 
 
The following table provides the depreciation expense included in the above line items (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Depreciation expense
   
      
      
  
Cost of sales
  $
65    $
47     
38%
Sales and marketing
   
164     
200     
-18%
Product development
   
2,770     
2,188     
27%
General and administrative
   
620     
750     
-17%
Total depreciation expense
  $
3,619    $
3,185     
14%
 
91

--- PAGE 111 ---
 
 
The following table provides the stock-based compensation expense included in the above line items (in thousands):
  
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Stock-based compensation expense:
   
      
      
  
Cost of sales
  $
708    $
820     
-14%
Sales and marketing
   
2,022     
2,358     
-14%
Product development
   
417     
2,135     
-80%
General and administrative
   
9,556     
5,969     
60%
Total stock-based compensation expense
  $
12,703    $
11,282     
13%
 
The following table provides our results of operations, as a percentage of revenue, for the periods presented:
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Revenue
   
100%   
100%
Operating expenses
   
      
  
Cost of sales
   
80%   
75%
Sales and marketing
   
12%   
15%
Product development
   
7%   
15%
General and administrative
   
29%   
32%
Amortization of intangible assets
   
5%   
9%
Total operating expenses
   
133%   
145%
Loss from operations
   
-33%   
-45%
Other expense
   
-5%   
-20%
Loss before income taxes
   
-38%   
-65%
Income tax provision (benefit)
   
-%   
-1%
Net loss
   
-38%   
-64%
 
Revenue
 
Revenue was as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Membership services
  $
41,264    $
33,577     
23%
Advertising
   
33,739     
20,779     
62%
Merchandising
   
15,447     
5,168     
199%
Sponsorship and licensing
   
7,051     
3,878     
82%
Ticket/Event
   
19,518     
1,828     
968%
Total Revenue
  $
117,019    $
65,230     
79%
  
Membership Revenue
 
Membership revenue increased by $7.7 million, or 23%, to $41.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared to
$33.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was primarily as a result of member growth with our largest OEM
customer.
 
92

--- PAGE 112 ---
 
 
Advertising Revenue
 
Advertising revenue increased by $13.0 million, or 62%, to $33.7 million during the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared
to $20.8 million the year ended March 31, 2021, which is primarily due to growth in advertising at PodcastOne year-over-year.
 
Merchandising
 
Merchandising revenue increased by $10.3 million to $15.4 million from $5.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as
compared to the year ended March 31, 2021 due to the acquisition of CPS.
 
Sponsorship and Licensing
 
Sponsorship and licensing revenue increased by $3.2 million, or 82%, to $7.1 million from $3.9 million for the year ended
March 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the sponsorship and licensing
revenues earned related to the Social Gloves event held during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, with no comparable event held
during the prior year.
 
Ticket/Event 
 
Ticket/Event revenue increased by $17.7 million, or 968%, to $19.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared
to $1.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was due to PPV ticket fees and production revenues earned related to
the Social Gloves event held during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, in addition to ticket sales from the Spring Awakening music
festival in October 2021, with no comparable events held during the prior year comparable period.
 
Cost of Sales
 
Cost of sales was as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Membership
  $
26,200    $
20,449     
28%
Advertising
   
30,579     
17,146     
78%
Production
   
24,928     
8,226     
203%
Merchandising
   
11,273     
3,166     
256%
Total Cost of Sales
  $
92,980    $
48,987     
90%
 
Membership
 
Membership cost of sales increased by $5.8 million, or 28%, to $26.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared
to $20.4 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was in line with the higher subscription revenues noted above.
 
Advertising
 
Advertising cost of sales increased by $13.4 million, or 78%, to $30.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared
to $17.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was in line with the higher advertising revenues noted above.
 
93

--- PAGE 113 ---
 
 
Production 
 
Production cost of sales increased by $16.7 million, or 203%, to $24.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as
compared to $8.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to production costs related to the Social
Gloves event held in June 2021 in addition to production and ticketing costs related to the Spring Awakening music festival held in
October 2021, with no comparable events in the prior year.
 
Merchandising
 
Merchandising cost of sales increased to $11.3 million from $3.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 due to the
acquisition of CPS.
 
Other Operating Expenses
 
Other operating expenses were as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Sales and marketing expenses
  $
14,114    $
9,517     
48%
Product development
   
8,092     
9,680     
-16%
General and administrative
   
33,681     
20,831     
62%
Amortization of intangible assets
   
6,005     
5,585     
8%
Total Other Operating Expenses
  $
61,892    $
45,613     
36%
 
Sales and Marketing Expenses
 
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $4.6 million, or 48%, to $14.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as
compared to $9.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to higher salaries and wages of $2.1 million
and increased sales and marketing costs related to the two tentpole events during the current year, including Social Gloves and the
Spring Awakening music festival, with no comparable events during the prior year.
 
Product Development
 
Product development expenses decreased by $1.6 million, or 16%, to $8.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as
compared to $9.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a $1.7 million decrease in stock
compensation expense due to a benefit related to the release of a discretionary share-based award bonus previously accrued.
 
General and Administrative
 
General and administrative expenses increased by $12.9 million, or 62%, to $33.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2022,
as compared to $20.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to an increase in share-based
compensation of $3.6 million and salaries and benefits of $3.8 million, partially driven by the addition of corporate personnel to
support future expected growth and the timing of vesting of share-based awards.
 
Amortization of Intangible Assets
 
Amortization of intangible assets increased by $0.4 million, or 8%, to $6.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as
compared to $5.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was due to intangible assets acquired in the acquisition CPS,
which was acquired near the end of the prior year along with the acquisition of Gramophone in the current year.
 
94

--- PAGE 114 ---
 
 
Total Other Expense, Net
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
%
Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Total other expense, net
  $
(5,876)   $
(12,795)    
-54%
 
Total other expense, net decreased by $6.9 million, or 54%, to $5.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared to
$12.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily a result of the gain on forgiveness of PPP loans of $3.1
million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, with no comparable gain in the prior year. Additionally, interest expense, net
decreased by $1.2 million driven by the interest rate on the Harvest Notes of 8.5% during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, when
compared to the interest rate on the senior secured debentures of 12.5% which were outstanding during the fiscal year ended March 31,
2021. In addition, there was a decrease in the loss on extinguishment of debt of $4.3 million recorded during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022, when compared to the loss on extinguishment recorded during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 of $5.2 million.
 
Business Operations Results
 
Operations
 
Our operating results were, and discussions of significant variances are, as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
% Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2021
 
Revenue
  $
117,019    $
65,230     
79%
 
   
      
      
  
Cost of Sales
   
92,980     
48,987     
90%
Sales & Marketing, Product Development and G&A
   
33,087     
26,867     
23%
Intangible Asset Amortization
   
6,005     
5,585     
8%
Operating Loss
  $
(15,053)   $
(16,209)    
-7%
Operating Margin
   
-13%   
-25%   
-%
Adjusted EBITDA*
  $
(856)   $
30     
2,934%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin*
   
-1%   
0%   
-%
 
*
See “—Non-GAAP Measures” above for the definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin
 
Fiscal Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021
 
Revenue 
 
Revenue increased by $51.8 million, or 79% to $117.0 million during the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared to $65.2
million for the year ended March 31, 2021, primarily due to increased membership revenue of $7.7 million as a result of member
growth with our largest OEM customer, increased advertising revenue of $13.0 million as a result of growth in advertising at
PodcastOne, increased merchandising revenue of $10.3 million due to the acquisition of CPS near the end of the prior year, an increase
of $3.2 million in sponsorship and licensing due to an increase in members and events, and an increase of $17.7 million in Ticket/Event
revenues driven by the Social Gloves event and Spring Awakening music festival in the current year, with no comparable events in the
prior year.  
 
95

--- PAGE 115 ---
 
 
Operating Loss
 
Operating loss decreased $1.2 million, or 7%, to $15.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 as compared to $16.2
million for the year ended March 31, 2021, as a result of the increase in revenue due to member growth and an increase in events that
took place during the year.
 
Adjusted EBITDA
 
Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $0.9 million, to $(0.9) million for the year ended March 31, 2022 as compared to $30,000 for
the year ended March 31, 2021. This was largely due to the increase in sales & marketing, product development, and G&A expenses
for the year ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in March 31, 2021.
 
Corporate
 
Our Corporate operating results were, and discussions of significant variances are, as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
   
%
Change
2022 vs.
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
   
2020
 
Sales & Marketing, Product Development, and G&A
  $
22,800    $
13,161     
73%
Operating Loss
  $
(22,800)   $
(13,161)    
73%
Operating Margin
   
N/A     
N/A     
-%
Adjusted EBITDA*
  $
(12,563)   $
(5,870)    
114%
 
*
See “—Non-GAAP Measures” above for the definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA
 
Operating Loss
 
Operating loss increased by $9.6 million, or 73%, to $22.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, as compared to $13.2
million for the year ended March 31, 2021 largely due to the addition of corporate personnel.
 
Adjusted EBITDA
 
Corporate Adjusted EBITDA increased $6.7 million, or 114%, to $(12.6) million for the year ended March 31, 2022 as
compared to $(5.9) million for the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to the addition of corporate personnel as
mentioned above.
 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
 
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with our
revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assigned value of acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed and
contingent liabilities associated with business combinations, provision for legal settlements, useful lives and impairment of property
and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill and other assets, the fair value of our equity-based compensation awards and convertible
debt instruments, and valuation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated
financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates.
 
96

--- PAGE 116 ---
 
 
Revenue Recognition
 
We account for a contract with a customer when an approved contract exists, the rights of the parties are identified, payment
terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and the collectability of substantially all of the consideration is probable.
Revenue is recognized when we satisfy our obligation by transferring control of the goods or services to our customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We use the expected value
method to estimate the value of variable consideration on advertising and with original equipment manufacturer contracts to include in
the transaction price and reflect changes to such estimates in periods in which they occur. Variable consideration for these services is
allocated to and recognized over the related time period such advertising and membership services are rendered as the amounts reflect
the consideration we are entitled to and relate specifically to our efforts to satisfy our performance obligation. The amount of variable
consideration included in revenue is limited to the extent that it is probable that the amount will not be subject to significant reversal
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
  
We report revenue on a gross or net basis based on management’s assessment of whether we act as a principal or agent in the
transaction. To the extent we act as the principal, revenue is reported on a gross basis net of any sales tax from customers, when
applicable. The determination of whether we act as a principal or an agent in a transaction is based on an evaluation of whether we
control the good or service prior to transfer to the customer. Where applicable, we have determined that we act as the principal in all of
its membership service streams and may act as principal or agent for our advertising and licensing revenue streams. 
 
Our revenue is principally derived from the following services:
 
Memberships Services
 
Membership services revenue substantially consist of monthly to annual recurring membership fees, which are primarily paid
in advance by credit card or through direct billings arrangements. We defer the portion of monthly to annual recurring membership fees
collected in advance and recognize them in the period earned. Membership revenue is recognized in the period of services rendered.
Our membership revenue consists of performance obligations that are satisfied over time. This has been determined based on the fact
that the nature of services offered are membership based where the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of the
services provided regardless of whether the customer uses the services or not. As a result, we have concluded that the best measure of
progress toward the complete satisfaction of the performance obligation over time is a time-based measure. We recognize membership
revenue straight-line through the membership period.
 
Membership Services consist of:
 
Direct members, mobile service provider and mobile app services
 
We generate revenue for membership services on both a direct basis and through memberships sold through certain third-party
mobile service providers and mobile app services (collectively the “Mobile Providers”). For memberships sold through the Mobile
Providers, the member executes an on-line agreement with Slacker outlining the terms and conditions between Slacker and the member
upon purchase of the membership. The Mobile Providers promote the Slacker app through their e-store, process payments for
memberships, and retain a percentage of revenue as a fee. We report this revenue gross of the fee retained by the Mobile Providers, as
the member is Slacker’s customer in the contract and Slacker controls the service prior to the transfer to the member. Membership
revenues from monthly memberships sold directly through Mobile Providers are subject to such Mobile Providers’ refund or
cancellation terms. Revenues from Mobile Providers are recognized net of any such adjustments for variable consideration, including
refunds and other fees. Our payment terms vary based on whether the membership is sold on a direct basis or through Mobile
Providers. Memberships sold on a direct basis require payment before the services are delivered to the customer. The payment terms for
memberships sold through Mobile Providers vary, but are generally payable within 30 days.
 
97

--- PAGE 117 ---
 
 
Third-Party Original Equipment Manufacturers
 
We generate revenue for membership services through memberships sold through a third-party Original Equipment
Manufacturer (the “OEM”). For memberships sold through the OEM, the OEM executes an agreement with Slacker outlining the terms
and conditions between Slacker and the OEM upon purchase of the membership. The OEM installs the Slacker app in their equipment
and provides the Slacker service to the OEM’s customers. The monthly fee charged to the OEM is based upon a fixed rate per vehicle,
multiplied by the variable number of total vehicles which have the Slacker application installed. The number of customers, or the
variable consideration, is reported by OEMs and resolved on a monthly basis. Our payment terms with OEM are up to 30 days. The
OEM does not charge the car owners a fee for the Slacker service.
  
Advertising Revenue
 
Advertising revenue primarily consist of revenues generated from the sale of audio, video, and display advertising space to
third-party advertising exchanges. Revenues are recognized based on delivery of impressions over the contract period to the third-party
exchanges, either when an ad is placed for listening or viewing by a visitor or when the visitor “clicks through” on the advertisement.
The advertising exchange companies report the variable advertising revenue on a monthly basis.
 
Merchandise Revenue
 
Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control to the customer. We recognize revenue and measure the transaction price
net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Sales commissions are expensed as incurred and are
recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Our customer contracts do not have a significant
financing component due to their short durations, which are typically effective for one year or less and have payment terms that are
generally 30-60 days. Wholesale revenue is generally recognized when products are shipped, depending on the applicable contract
terms. We record a refund liability for expected returns based on prior returns history, recent trends, and projections for returns on sales
in the current period. The refund liability at March 31, 2022 and 2021, was less than $0.1 million, respectively.
 
Licensing Revenue
 
Licensing revenue primarily consists of sales of licensing rights to digitally stream its live music services in certain
geographies (e.g. China). Licensing revenue is recognized when we satisfy our performance obligation by transferring control of the
goods or services to its customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services, which is typically when the live event has aired. Any license fees collected in advance of an event are deferred until
the event airs. We report our licensing revenue on a gross basis as we act as the principal in the underlying transactions.
 
Ticket/Event Revenue
 
Ticket/Event revenue is primarily from the sale of tickets and promoter fees earned from venues or other co-promoters under
one of several formulas, including a fixed guaranteed amount and/or a percentage of ticket sales or event profits.
 
Revenue from the promotion or production of an event is recognized when the show occurs. Revenue collected in advance of
the event is recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs. Revenue collected from sponsorship agreements, which is not related
to a single event, is classified as deferred revenue and recognized over the term of the agreement or operating season as the benefits are
provided to the sponsor.
 
Revenue from our ticketing operations primarily consists of service fees charged at the time a ticket for an event is sold. For
tickets sold to our festival events the revenue for the tickets and associated ticket service charges collected in advance of the event is
recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs.
 
98

--- PAGE 118 ---
 
 
Stock-Based Compensation
 
Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense
over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period, on a straight-line basis. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing
model to determine the grant date fair value of stock options. This model requires us to estimate the expected volatility and the
expected term of the stock options which are highly complex and subjective variables. The variables take into consideration, among
other things, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behavior. We use a predicted volatility of its stock price during the
expected life of the options that is based on the historical performance of our stock price as well as including an estimate using
guideline companies. Expected term is computed using the simplified method as the Company’s best estimate given its lack of actual
exercise history. We have selected a risk-free rate based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity
equivalent to the expected term of the stock. Stock-based awards are comprised principally of stock options, restricted stock and
restricted stock units (“RSUs”). Forfeitures are recognized as incurred.
 
Stock option awards issued to non-employees are accounted for at the grant date fair value determined using the Black-
Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Management believes that the fair value of the stock options is more reliably measured than the
fair value of the services received. We record the fair value of these equity-based awards and expense at their cost ratably over related
vesting periods. 
 
Business Combinations
 
We account for business combinations using the purchase method of accounting where the cost is allocated to the underlying
net tangible and intangible assets acquired, based on their respective fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated
fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling
interest in the acquiree are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value. Additionally, any contingent consideration
is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and classified as a liability. Goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate
of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree exceeds the recognized
basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
noncontrolling interests requires management’s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions,
including, but not limited to, the selection of appropriate valuation methodology, projected revenue, expenses and cash flows, weighted
average cost of capital, discount rates, estimates of customer turnover rates and estimates of terminal values.
  
Commitments and Contingencies
 
From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and other matters arising in connection with the conduct of our
business activities. Many of these proceedings may be at preliminary stages and/or seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We
regularly evaluate the status of our commitments and contingencies in which we are involved to (i) assess whether a material loss is
probable or there is at least a reasonable possibility that a material loss or an additional material loss in excess of a recorded accrual
may have been incurred and (ii) determine if financial accruals are required when appropriate. We record an expense accrual for any
commitments and loss contingency when we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
If an expense accrual is not appropriate, we further evaluate each matter to assess whether an estimate of possible loss or range of loss
can be made and whether or not any such matter requires additional disclosure. There can be no assurance that any proceeding against
us will be resolved in amounts that will not differ from the amounts of estimated exposures. Legal fees and other costs of defending
litigation are expensed as incurred.
 
Non-Income Tax Contingencies  
 
We do not collect and remit sales and use or similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that
such taxes are not applicable or legally required.
 
99

--- PAGE 119 ---
 
 
The June 2018 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., No. 17-494, along with the application of existing,
new or future rulings and laws, could have adverse effects on our business, prospects and operating results.
  
Long-lived Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Finite Lives
 
We perform valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination,
and allocate the purchase price of each acquired business to its respective net tangible and intangible assets. Acquired intangible assets
principally comprise of customer relationships and technology. We determine the appropriate useful life by performing an analysis of
expected cash flows based on historical experience of the acquired businesses. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated
useful lives using the straight-line method, which approximates the pattern in which the majority of the economic benefits is expected
to be consumed.
 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration of an acquired entity over the fair value of the acquired net
assets. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or when events or circumstances change that would indicate that goodwill might be
impaired. Events or circumstances that could trigger an impairment review include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change
in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key
personnel, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, significant
negative industry or economic trends or significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future results of
operations.
 
We evaluate the recoverability of our intangible assets, and other long-lived assets with finite useful lives for impairment when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. These trigger events or
changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset, a significant
adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, significant adverse changes in legal factors, including
changes that could result from our inability to renew or replace material agreements with certain of our partners such as Tesla Motors
on favorable terms, significant adverse changes in the business climate including changes which may result from adverse shifts in
technology in our industry and the impact of competition, a significant adverse deterioration in the amount of revenue or cash flows we
expect to generate from an asset group, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the
acquisition or development of a long-lived asset, current or future operating or cash flow losses that demonstrate continuing losses
associated with the use of our long-lived asset, or a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or
otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. We perform impairment testing at the asset
group level that represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. In making this determination, we consider the specific operating characteristics of the relevant long-lived assets,
including (i) the nature of the direct and any indirect revenues generated by the assets; (ii) the interdependency of the revenues
generated by the assets; and (iii) the nature and extent of any shared costs necessary to operate the assets in their intended use. An
impairment test would be performed when the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset
group is less than its carrying amount. Impairment is measured by assessing the usefulness of an asset by comparing its carrying value
to its fair value. If an asset is considered impaired, the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the
asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. Fair value is determined based upon estimated discounted future cash flows. The key
estimates applied when preparing cash flow projections relate to revenue, operating margins, economic lives of assets, overheads,
taxation and discount rates. To date, we have not recognized any such impairment loss associated with our long-lived assets.
 
100

--- PAGE 120 ---
 
 
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the same or one level below an operating segment. In
any year we may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is in excess of its carrying value. If we cannot determine qualitatively that the fair value is in excess of the carrying
value, or we decide to bypass the qualitative assessment, we perform a quantitative analysis. The quantitative analysis is used to
identify both the existence of impairment and the amount of the impairment loss by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. The estimated fair value is based on internal projections of expected future cash flows
and operating plans, as well as market conditions relative to the operations of our reporting units. If the estimated fair value of the
reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired; otherwise, an impairment loss is recognized
within our consolidated statements of operations in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to
that reporting unit.
 
Fair Value of Convertible Debt
 
As of the date of this Annual Report we have several debt instruments outstanding which are convertible into shares of our
common stock that include embedded derivatives. Refer to Note 9 – Unsecured Convertible Notes and Note 10 – Senior Secured
Convertible Notes, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. We measure the embedded
derivatives associated with the convertible debt instruments at fair value, as described in the aforementioned notes to the consolidated
financial statements. We have estimated the fair value of the convertible debt instruments to be equal to their carrying values and have
not elected the fair value option for these instruments.
 
The fair value of the embedded derivatives, which are carried at fair value, was estimated using a yield method, including
assumptions of probabilities of default and recovery rates. The fair value of the convertible debt instruments, which are carried at
amortized cost, was estimated using a binomial lattice model, including assumptions of volatility and risk-free rates. For further
discussion see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
Current Financial Condition
 
As of March 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were our cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash balances
in the amount of $13.2 million, which primarily are invested in cash in banking institutions in the U.S. The vast majority of our cash
proceeds were received as a result of operations, the issuance of convertible notes, public offerings of our common shares, and PPP
loans. As of March 31, 2022, we had a senior secured line of credit of $7.0 million, secured convertible notes with aggregate principal
amount of $13.7 million and unsecured convertible notes with aggregate principal balances of $5.9 million and a notes payable balance
of $0.2 million.
  
As reflected in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, we have a history of losses and
incurred a net loss of $43.9 million and utilized cash of $9.1 million in operating activities for the year ended March 31, 2022 and had a
working capital deficiency of $28.8 million as of March 31, 2022. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern within one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. Our consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a
going concern is dependent on our ability to execute our strategy and on our ability to raise additional funds through the sale of equity
and/or debt securities via public and/or private offerings.
  
Our long-term ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to increase revenue, reduce costs, achieve a
satisfactory level of profitable operations, and obtain additional sources of suitable and adequate financing. Our ability to continue as a
going concern is also dependent its ability to further develop and execute on our business plan. We may also have to reduce certain
overhead costs through the reduction of salaries and other means and settle liabilities through negotiation. There can be no assurance
that management’s attempts at any or all of these endeavors will be successful. 
 
101

--- PAGE 121 ---
 
 
Sources of Liquidity
 
In April 2020, we received approximately $2.0 million loan (the “PPP Loan”) pursuant to the PPP promulgated under the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”). The PPP Loan’s original maturity was April 13, 2022 and bears
interest at a rate of 1% per annum. Commencing in November 2020, we were required to pay the lender equal monthly payments of
principal and interest as required to fully amortize by the maturity date the principal amount outstanding on the PPP Loan as of such
date. All or a portion of the PPP Loan may be forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”) upon our application and
upon documentation of expenditures in accordance with the SBA requirements. On April 24, 2021, we received confirmation that the
entire balance of the loan was forgiven.
 
In June 2020, we entered into a new two-year license agreement with a certain Music Partner which owns and license rights to
Slacker to certain sound recordings. Pursuant to this agreement, we agreed to certain minimum yearly guarantee payments and issued
264,000 shares of our common stock so such Music Partner in consideration of all payments due to the Music Partner prior the date of
the agreement.
 
On July 1, 2020, we acquired PodcastOne and the $0.8 million PPP loan originally obtained by PodcastOne. Monthly
payments including principal and interest begin 12 months from the date of the promissory note April 26, 2020. The balance is payable
2 years from the date of the promissory note, and bears interest at a rate of 1% per annum. On May 11, 2021, we received confirmation
that the entire balance of the loan was forgiven.
 
In July 2020, we completed a registered offering with an existing institutional investor, another investor and a music partner
pursuant to which we sold 1,820,000 shares of our common stock to the investors for net cash proceeds of $7.3 million and issued
2,415,459 shares of our common stock to partially satisfy a $10.0 million vendor payment obligation to such music partner, each at a
price of $3.28 per share (the “July 2020 Offering”). The July 2020 Offering was made pursuant to our then existing shelf Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-228909).
 
On August 31, 2020, we fully repaid the senior secured convertible debentures. In connection with such repayment, all of the
agreements among us, our subsidiary guarantors and the senior lenders and their collateral agent were terminated, provided, that our
indemnification obligations in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2018, as amended, between us and the senior
lenders survive on the terms therein. Additionally, a prepayment penalty of 8% was paid on repayment of the senior secured convertible
debentures in the amount of $0.7 million as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended March 31, 2021. 
 
In September 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a certain existing institutional investor pursuant to
which we sold two of our 8.5% Subordinated Secured Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of $15.0 million. In
connection with such financing, we agreed to issue to such investor’s designees 800,000 shares of our common stock. The note matures
on June 3, 2023 (as a result of the June 2021 note extension, in which we also agreed to issue 60,000 shares of our common stock to the
noteholders), accrues interest at 8.5% per year, payable quarterly in cash in arrears, and is convertible into shares of our common stock
at a conversion price of $4.50 per share at the investor’s option, subject to certain customary adjustments such as stock splits, stock
dividends and stock combinations.
 
On December 22, 2020, we acquired 100% of the equity interests of CPS for total consideration of 2,230,769 shares of our
restricted common stock with a fair value of $6.4 million net of a 25% discount for lack of marketability, an additional 577,000 shares
of our restricted common stock if CPS reports GAAP revenue of $20.0 million and $1.0 million of EBITDA for its fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020, and an additional 214,000 shares of our restricted common stock to the extent CPS’ final working capital as
determined by the parties exceeds $4.0 million with a dollar-for-dollar reduction with respect to each such shortfall with no duplication.
We issued an additional 791,398 shares of restricted common stock based on working capital adjustments and GAAP revenue being
achieved during fiscal 2022.
 
102

--- PAGE 122 ---
 
 
On January 11, 2021, we entered into an Amendment of Notes Agreement with Trinad Capital, a related party, pursuant to
which the maturity date of all of the Trinad Notes issued to Trinad Capital was extended to May 31, 2022, and in consideration of such
extension, the interest rate payable under such notes increased to 8.5%, and we issued to Trinad Capital 280,000 shares of our common
stock.
 
In March 2021, we obtained an additional PPP loan totaling $0.6 million through the Consolidated Appropriations Act
(“CAA”). The terms of this loan is on comparable terms to the prior PPP loans obtained under the CARES Act. In March 2022, we
received confirmation that the entire balance of the loan was forgiven.
 
On June 2, 2021, we entered into a Business Loan Agreement with East West Bank (the “Senior Lender”), which provides for
a revolving credit facility collateralized by all of the assets of our Company and its subsidiaries. In connection with the Business Loan
Agreement, we entered into a Promissory Note with the Senior Lender and established the revolving line of credit in the amount of $7.0
million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), maturing on June 2, 2023. Under the terms of the Promissory Note, the Revolving Credit
Facility bears interest at a variable rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, plus 0.5%. As of March 31, 2022, we have
borrowed $7.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility and $7.0 million is owed by us to the Senior Lender under the facility as of
such date.
 
On August 11, 2021, we entered into an Amendment of the Notes Agreement with Trinad Capital pursuant to which the
maturity date of all of the Trinad Notes issued to Trinad Capital was extended to May 31, 2023, and in consideration of such extension,
we issued to Trinad Capital 33,654 shares of its common stock.
 
Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash-based investments in our operations, including
acquiring live music events and festivals rights, our working capital, and corporate infrastructure to support our ability to generate
revenue and conduct operations through cost of services, product development, sales and marketing and general and administrative
activities. Cash used in investing activities has historically been, and is expected to be, impacted significantly by our investments in
business combinations, our platform, and our infrastructure and equipment for our business offerings, and sale of our investments. We
expect to make additional strategic acquisitions to further grow our business, which may require significant investments, capital raising
and/or acquisition of additional debt in the near and long term. Over the next twelve to eighteen months, our net use of our working
capital could be substantially higher or lower depending on the number and timing of new live festivals and paid members that we add
to our businesses.
 
Subject to applicable limitations in the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may from time to time
repurchase our debt, including the unsecured convertible notes, in the open market, through tender offers, through exchanges for debt
or equity securities, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise.
  
In the future, we may utilize additional commercial financings, bonds, debentures, lines of credit and term loans with a
syndicate of commercial banks or other bank syndicates and/or issue equity securities (publicly or privately) for general corporate
purposes, including acquisitions and investing in our intangible assets, music equipment, platform and technologies. We may also use
our current cash and cash equivalents to repurchase some or all of our unsecured convertible notes, and pay down our debt, in part or in
full, subject to repayment limitation set forth in the credit agreement. Management plans to fund its operations over the next twelve
months through the combination of improved operating results, spending rationalization, and the ability to access sources of capital
such as through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if
available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. We filed a new universal shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the
“New Shelf S-3”) with the SEC, which was declared effective by the SEC on February 17, 2022. Under the New Shelf S-3, we will
have the ability to raise up to $150.0 million in cash from the sale of our equity, debt and/or other financial instruments.
 
103

--- PAGE 123 ---
 
 
Credit Agreement and Other Debt
 
For additional information regarding our credit agreement and other debt, see “Contractual Obligations” in this Item 7 below
and in the footnotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Notes 8, 9, 10, and 11 to our financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report).
 
Sources and Uses of Cash
  
The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 (in
thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Net cash used in operating activities
  $
(9,123)   $
(9,508)
Net cash used in investing activities
   
(3,979)    
(791)
Net cash provided by financing activities
   
7,486     
16,632 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
  $
(5,616)   $
6,333 
 
Cash Used In Operating Activities
  
Net cash used in our operating activities for 2022 of $9.1 million primarily resulted from our net loss during the period of
$43.9 million, which included non-cash charges of $25.5 million largely comprised of depreciation and amortization, stock-based
compensation and loss of extinguishment of debt. This was offset by $3.1 million attributed to forgiveness of our PPP loan. The
remainder of our sources of cash provided by operating activities of $9.3 million was from changes in our working capital, including
$3.1 million offset from timing of accounts receivable and $11.1 million from timing of accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
 
Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities
 
Net cash used in investing activities for 2022 of $4.0 million was principally due to the $3.7 million cash used for the purchase
of property and equipment during the year ended March 31, 2022, and cash used in the acquisitions of Gramophone of $0.2 million.
 
Cash Flows Provided By Financing Activities
  
Net cash provided by financing activities for 2022 of $7.5 million was primarily due to proceeds of $7.0 million from the draw
down on our line of credit and $0.9 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by the repayment of senior secured
convertible debentures of $0.4 million.
    
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
  
Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.
 
104

--- PAGE 124 ---
 
 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA; PCAOB
ID #243)
 
F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
F-5
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
F-7
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 
F-8
 
F-1

--- PAGE 125 ---
 
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
Shareholders and Board of Directors
LiveOne, Inc. (formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Beverly Hills, CA
 
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LiveOne, Inc. (formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.) (the “Company”)
as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
 
Going Concern Uncertainty
 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, negative
cash flows from operating activities and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
 
Basis for Opinion
 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion.
 
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
Critical Audit Matters
 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on
the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
 
F-2

--- PAGE 126 ---
 
 
Unsecured Convertible Notes – Related Party
 
As described in Notes 9 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 11, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment
of Notes Agreement (the “Amendment Agreement”) with Trinad Capital pursuant to which the maturity date of all of the Trinad Notes
was extended to May 31, 2023, and in consideration of such extension, the Company issued to Trinad Capital 33,654 shares of its
common stock. In accounting for the Amendment Agreement, the Company concluded that the amendment was required to be
accounted for as an extinguishment under ASC 470-50, Debt – Modifications and Extinguishment, and recorded the amended debt
instrument at fair value and recorded a loss on extinguishment of approximately $4.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. In
addition, the Company recorded approximately $4.2 million to additional paid in capital as a result of the excess fair value of the
amended debt instrument over the principal and accrued interest outstanding at the time of extinguishment.
 
We have identified the accounting evaluation of the Amendment Agreement and the related estimation of the fair value of the amended
debt instrument as a critical audit matter. Accounting for the Amendment Agreement required significant management judgment in
evaluating the key contract terms and the application of the relevant accounting guidance as well as the estimation of the market yield
used in the valuation of the amended debt instrument. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to
the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed.
 
The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:
 
●
Utilizing professionals with specialized knowledge and experience in technical accounting to assist in: (i) evaluating the
relevant contract terms and features of the Amendment Agreement, and (ii) assessing the reasonableness of conclusions
reached by management with respect to the accounting for the Amendment Agreement.
●
Utilizing professionals with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in assessing the reasonableness of the
valuation model utilized by management to determine the fair value of the amended debt instrument and assessing the
reasonableness of assumptions incorporated into the valuation model including market yield.
 
/s/ BDO USA, LLP
 
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018.
Los Angeles, California
June 29, 2022
F-3

--- PAGE 127 ---
 
 
LiveOne, Inc.
(formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Assets
   
      
  
Current Assets
   
      
  
Cash and cash equivalents
  $
12,894    $
18,635 
Restricted cash
   
260     
135 
Accounts receivable, net
   
13,687     
10,567 
Inventories
   
2,599     
2,568 
Prepaid expense and other current assets
   
1,868     
3,366 
Total Current Assets
   
31,308     
35,271 
Property and equipment, net
   
4,688     
4,367 
Goodwill
   
23,379     
22,619 
Intangible assets, net
   
16,720     
22,468 
Other assets
   
728     
1,044 
Total Assets
  $
76,823    $
85,769 
 
   
      
  
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
   
      
  
Current Liabilities
   
      
  
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
  $
45,418    $
32,646 
Accrued royalties
   
13,530     
12,349 
Notes payable, current portion
   
12     
2,729 
Deferred revenue
   
1,157     
1,262 
Unsecured convertible notes, net
   
-     
1,976 
Total Current Liabilities
   
60,117     
50,962 
Senior secured convertible notes, net
   
13,650     
13,047 
Senior secured line of credit, net
   
6,965     
- 
Unsecured convertible notes, net – related party
   
5,879     
5,501 
Notes payable, net
   
148     
885 
Lease liabilities, noncurrent
   
468     
742 
Due to Music Partner
   
-     
3,937 
Other long-term liabilities
   
174     
2,422 
Deferred income taxes
   
338     
137 
Total Liabilities
   
87,739     
77,633 
 
   
      
  
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15)
   
      
  
 
   
      
  
Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
   
      
  
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding
   
-     
- 
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 82,546,189 and 76,807,898 shares
issued and outstanding, respectively
   
83     
77 
Additional paid in capital
   
202,854     
178,000 
Accumulated deficit
   
(213,853)    
(169,941)
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)
   
(10,916)    
8,136 
Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
  $
76,823    $
85,769 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
F-4

--- PAGE 128 ---
 
 
LiveOne, Inc.
(formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)
 
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,
2022
   
Year Ended
March 31,
2021
 
 
   
   
  
Revenue:
  $
117,019    $
65,230 
 
   
      
  
Operating expenses:
   
      
  
Cost of sales
   
92,980     
48,987 
Sales and marketing
   
14,114     
9,517 
Product development
   
8,092     
9,680 
General and administrative
   
33,681     
20,831 
Amortization of intangible assets
   
6,005     
5,585 
Total operating expenses
   
154,872     
94,600 
Loss from operations
   
(37,853)    
(29,370)
 
   
      
  
Other expense:
   
      
  
Interest expense, net
   
(4,123)    
(5,303)
Loss on extinguishment of debt
   
(4,321)    
(5,180)
Forgiveness of PPP loans
   
3,110     
- 
Other income (expense)
   
(542)    
(2,312)
Total other expense, net
   
(5,876)    
(12,795)
 
   
      
  
Loss before income taxes
   
(43,729)    
(42,165)
 
   
      
  
Income tax provision (benefit)
   
183     
(345)
Net loss
  $
(43,912)   $
(41,820)
 
   
      
  
Net loss per share – basic and diluted
  $
(0.56)   $
(0.61)
 
   
      
  
Weighted average common shares – basic and diluted
    79,084,930      69,040,055 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
F-5

--- PAGE 129 ---
 
 
LiveOne, Inc.
(formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
For the Years Ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)
 
 
 
Common stock
   
Additional
Paid in
    Accumulated   
Total
Stockholders’
Equity
 
 
 
Shares
   
Amount
   
Capital
   
Deficit
   
(Deficit)
 
 
 
    
    
    
    
  
Balance as of April 1, 2020
    58,984,382    $
59    $
120,932    $
(128,121)   $
(7,130)
 
   
      
      
      
      
  
Shares issued to vendors
   
2,782,116     
3     
8,816     
-     
8,819 
Stock-based compensation
   
1,279,210     
1     
11,110     
-     
11,111 
Interest paid in kind
   
-     
-     
33     
-     
33 
Shares issued in offering, net of cost
   
1,820,000     
2     
7,329     
-     
7,331 
Shares issued in connection with PodcastOne
acquisition
   
5,566,885     
6     
14,985     
-     
14,991 
Shares issued in connection with CPS acquisition
   
2,230,769     
2     
6,702     
-     
6,704 
Shares issued in connection with Senior Secured
convertible notes and unsecured convertible notes    
1,080,000     
1     
1,860     
-     
1,861 
Unsecured convertible note premium
   
-     
-     
3,677     
-     
3,677 
Shares issued pursuant to restricted stock units
   
2,410,286     
2     
(2)    
-     
- 
Shares issued pursuant to stock options
   
654,250     
1     
2,558     
-     
2,559 
Net loss
   
-     
-     
-     
(41,820)    
(41,820)
Balance as of March 31, 2021
    76,807,898    $
77    $
178,000    $
(169,941)   $
8,136 
Stock-based compensation
   
699,480     
1     
13,782     
-     
13,783 
Vested employee restricted stock units
   
2,518,791     
3     
267     
-     
270 
Interest paid in kind
   
-     
-     
35     
-     
35 
Shares issued for Gramophone acquisition
   
79,365     
-     
89     
-     
89 
Shares issued in connection with CPS acquisition
   
791,398     
1     
1,825     
-     
1,826 
Purchase price adjustment in connection with CPS
acquisition
   
-     
-     
301     
-     
301 
Shares issued on amendment of secured convertible
notes
   
93,654     
-     
2,728     
-     
2,728 
Shares issued on conversion of unsecured
convertible notes
   
1,155,143     
1     
756     
-     
757 
Unsecured convertible note premium
   
-     
-     
4,199     
-     
4,199 
Exercise of employee stock options
   
400,460     
-     
872     
-     
872 
Net loss
   
-     
-     
-     
(43,912)    
(43,912)
Balance as of March 31, 2022
    82,546,189    $
83    $
202,854    $
(213,853)   $
(10,916)
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
F-6

--- PAGE 130 ---
 
 
LiveOne, Inc.
(formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In thousands)
  
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,
2022
   
Year Ended
March 31,
2021
 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   
     
 
Net loss
  $
(43,912)   $
(41,820)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
   
      
  
Depreciation and amortization
   
9,624     
8,770 
Interest paid in kind
   
35     
33 
Stock-based compensation
   
12,703     
11,282 
Change in fair value of bifurcated embedded derivatives
   
(113)    
(977)
Amortization of debt discount
   
1,244     
1,433 
Deferred income taxes
   
160     
(359)
Change in fair value of contingent consideration liability
   
(145)    
2,174 
Debt conversion expense
   
756     
- 
Loss on extinguishment of debt
   
4,321     
5,180 
Forgiveness of PPP loans
   
(3,110)    
- 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   
      
  
Accounts receivable
   
(3,116)    
3,426 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
   
1,161     
(1,288)
Inventories
   
(31)    
32 
Other assets
   
328     
- 
Deferred revenue
   
(155)    
278 
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
   
10,826     
2,328 
Other liabilities
   
301    
- 
Net cash used in operating activities
   
(9,123)    
(9,508)
 
   
      
  
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
   
      
  
Purchases of property and equipment
   
(3,744)    
(3,209)
Purchase of intangible assets
   
(85)    
- 
Cash acquired in acquisition of PodcastOne
   
-     
1,286 
Cash acquired in acquisition of CPS
   
-     
1,132 
Acquisition of Gramophone
   
(150)    
- 
Net cash used in investing activities
   
(3,979)    
(791)
 
   
      
  
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   
      
  
Repayment of senior secured convertible debentures payable
   
-     
(10,823)
Proceeds from senior secured convertible notes and issuance of shares of common stock
   
-     
15,000 
(Repayment) proceeds from notes payable
   
(351)    
2,742 
Debt issuance costs
   
-     
(190)
Proceeds from issuance of shares of common stock
   
-     
7,534 
Proceeds from exercise of stock options
   
872     
2,559 
Payments on capital lease liability
   
-     
(190)
Proceeds from line of credit
   
6,965     
- 
Net cash provided by financing activities
   
7,486     
16,632 
 
   
      
  
Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
   
(5,616)    
6,333 
 
   
      
  
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period
   
18,770     
12,437 
 
   
      
  
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period
  $
13,154    $
18,770 
 
   
      
  

--- PAGE 131 ---
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
   
      
  
Cash paid for income taxes
  $
25    $
- 
Cash paid for interest
  $
1,468    $
969 
 
   
      
  
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
   
      
  
 
   
      
  
Fair value of 60,000 shares of common stock issued in connection with secured convertible notes
  $
320    $
- 
Fair value of 33,654 shares of common stock issued in connection with related party unsecured
convertible notes
  $
122    $
- 
Fair value of 1,155,143 shares of common stock issued upon conversion of unsecured convertible
notes
  $
3,045    $
- 
Fair value of 1,248,797 and 1,080,000 shares issued in connection with Senior Secured Convertible
Notes and Unsecured Convertible Notes
  $
3,484    $
1,861 
Fair value of options issued to employees, capitalized as internally-developed software
  $
196    $
241 
Fair value of 5,566,885 shares of common stock issued in connection with PodcastOne acquisition
  $
-    $
14,991 
Fair value of 791,398 and 2,230,769 shares of common stock issued in connection with CPS
acquisition
  $
2,127    $
6,391 
Non-cash settlement for issuable or prepaid shares
  $
-    $
283 
2,782,116 shares of common stock issued to consultant and vendors to settle accounts payable
  $
-     
8,816 
Fair value of unsecured convertible note premium
  $
4,199    $
- 
Fair value of 79,365 shares of common stock issued in connection with the Gramophone
acquisition
  $
89    $
- 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
F-7

--- PAGE 132 ---
 
 
LiveOne, Inc.
(formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Years Ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
  
Note 1 — Organization and Basis of Presentation
 
Organization
 
LiveOne, Inc. (formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.) together with its subsidiaries (“we,” “us,” “our”, the “Company” or
“LiveOne”) is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Beverly Hills, California. The Company is a creator-first, music, entertainment
and technology platform focused on delivering premium experiences and content worldwide through memberships, live and virtual
events.
 
The Company was reincorporated in the State of Delaware on August 2, 2017, pursuant to a reincorporation merger of Loton,
Corp (“Loton”) with and into LiveXLive, Loton’s wholly owned subsidiary at the time. As a result of the reincorporation merger, Loton
ceased to exist as a separate entity, with LiveXLive being the surviving entity. On December 29, 2017, the Company acquired Slacker,
Inc. (“Slacker”), an Internet music and radio streaming service incorporated in the state of Delaware, and it became a wholly owned
subsidiary of LiveOne. On February 5, 2020, the Company acquired (i) React Presents, LLC a Delaware limited liability company
(“React Presents”), and it became a wholly owned subsidiary of LiveXLive Events, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and (ii) indirectly Spring Awakening, LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of React Presents, a producer, promoter and manager
of in person live music festivals and events. On July 1, 2020, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiary, LiveXLive
PodcastOne, Inc., acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Courtside Group, Inc. (dba PodcastOne)
(“PodcastOne”) (see Note 4 – Business Combinations). On December 22, 2020, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiary
LiveXLive Merchandising, Inc., acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Custom Personalization Solutions, Inc.
(“CPS”) (see Note 4 – Business Combinations). On October 17, 2021, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiary LiveXLive
PR, Inc., acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Gramophone Media, Inc. (“Gramophone”) (see Note 4 –
Business Combinations).
 
Basis of Presentation
 
The presented financial information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 includes the financial information and activities
of LiveOne, React Presents, PodcastOne and CPS for the full year and Gramophone from the effective date of its acquisition.
 
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior-year amounts to conform to the current period presentation.
  
Principles of Consolidation
 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Acquisitions
are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. The Company uses purchase
accounting for its acquisitions, which results in all assets and liabilities of acquired businesses being recorded at their estimated fair
values on the acquisition dates. See the Company’s accounting policy “Business Combinations” within Note 2 – Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
 
F-8

--- PAGE 133 ---
 
 
Going Concern and Liquidity
 
The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going
concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of
business.
 
The Company’s principal sources of liquidity have historically been its debt and equity issuances and its cash and cash
equivalents (which cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash amounted to $13.2 million as of March 31, 2022). As reflected in its
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein, the Company has a history of losses, incurred a net loss of $43.9 million,
and utilized cash of $9.1 million in operating activities for the year ended March 31, 2022, and had a working capital deficiency of
$28.8 million as of March 31, 2022. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern within one year from the date that these financial statements are filed. The Company’s consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
 
The Company’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to execute its growth strategy and on its
ability to raise additional funds. The Company filed a new universal shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the “New Shelf S-3”)
with the SEC, which was declared effective by the SEC on February 17, 2022. Under the New Shelf S-3, the Company will have the
ability to raise up to $150.0 million in cash from the sale of its equity, debt and/or other financial instruments.
 
F-9

--- PAGE 134 ---
 
 
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 
COVID-19
 
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) as a
pandemic. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative effect on the global economy, disrupting the financial
markets creating increasing volatility and overall uncertainty. The Company began to experience modest adverse impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and became more adverse throughout the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2021 and up to the third quarter of fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. Although the impact has subsided, the Company
expects to continue experiencing modest adverse impacts throughout the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. The Company’s event and
programmatic advertising revenues were directly impacted throughout the 2021 fiscal year and mid-way through the 2022 fiscal year
with all on-premise in-person live music festivals and events postponed and mixed demand from historical advertising partners.
Further, one of the Company’s larger customers also experienced a temporary halt to its production as a result of COVID-19, which
negatively impacted the Company’s near-term member growth in the 2021 fiscal year. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the
Company enacted several initiatives to counteract these near-term challenges, including salary reductions, obtaining a Paycheck
Protection Program (“PPP”) loan (see Note 8 - Notes Payable) and pivoting its live music production to 100% digital. The Company
began producing, curating, and broadcasting digital music festivals and events across its platform which has resulted in the growth in
the number of live events streamed, related sponsorship revenue and overall viewership. The Company also launched a new pay-per-
view (“PPV”) offering in May 2020, enabling new forms of artist revenue including digital tickets, tipping, digital meet and greet and
merchandise sales. However, there is uncertainty as to the duration and overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could result
in an adverse material change in a future period to the Company’s results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
 
On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted in the United
States. The CARES Act provides numerous tax provisions and other stimulus measures, including temporary changes regarding the
prior and future utilization of net operating losses and technical corrections from prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain
qualified improvement property. The Company evaluated the provisions of the CARES Act and determined it is eligible for Employee
Retention Credits related to payroll taxes paid during the quarter ended September 30, 2021. In accordance with ASC 105-10-05-02,
the Company analogized to International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), specifically International Accounting Standards
(“IAS”) 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosures of Government Assistance, and determined that the payroll tax credit
will be recognized as a reduction to the payroll tax expense when it is reasonably assured that the credit will be received. As of March
31, 2022, the Company received confirmation the credit would be approved and recognized the credit of $1.2 million as a reduction of
payroll tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2022. The Company does not anticipate the associated impacts of the other
provisions, if any, will have a material effect on its provision for income taxes.
 
On December 29, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (“CAA”) was enacted in the United States. The CAA provides
numerous tax provisions and most notably for the Company changes the tax treatment of those expenses paid for with a PPP loan from
non-deductible to deductible.  The Company is in the process of evaluating the provisions of the CAA including obtaining a second
draw Paycheck Protection Program loans and applying for the potential eligibility for Employee Retention Credits and does not
anticipate the provisions included will have a material impact on its provision for income taxes.
 
F-10

--- PAGE 135 ---
 
 
Use of Estimates
 
The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity with the United States of America (“US”)
generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates
and assumptions include revenue, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assigned value of acquired assets and assumed and contingent
liabilities associated with business combinations and the related purchase price allocation, useful lives and impairment of property and
equipment, intangible assets, goodwill and other assets, inventory calculations and reserves, the fair value of the Company’s equity-
based compensation awards and convertible debt and debenture instruments, fair values of derivatives, and contingencies. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates compared to historical
experience and trends, which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Given the overall
uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a reasonable possibility that actual results could differ from those estimates
and such differences could be material to the financial position and results of operations, specifically in assessing when the
collectability of revenue related consideration is probable, and the impairment assessment of goodwill, indefinite lived assets or long-
lived assets that are depreciated or amortized.
 
Revenue Recognition Policy
 
The Company accounts for a contract with a customer when an approved contract exists, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and the collectability of substantially all of the consideration is
probable. Revenue is recognized when the Company satisfies its obligation by transferring control of the goods or services to its
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. The Company uses the expected value method to estimate the value of variable consideration on advertising and with original
equipment manufacturer contracts to include in the transaction price and reflect changes to such estimates in periods in which they
occur. Variable consideration for these services is allocated to and recognized over the related time period such advertising and
membership services are rendered as the amounts reflect the consideration the Company is entitled to and relate specifically to the
Company’s efforts to satisfy its performance obligation. The amount of variable consideration included in revenue is limited to the
extent that it is probable that the amount will not be subject to significant reversal when the uncertainty associated with the variable
consideration is subsequently resolved.
 
Practical Expedients
 
The Company elected the practical expedient and recognized the incremental costs of obtaining a contract, if any, as an
expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would have been recognized is one year or less.
 
Gross Versus Net Revenue Recognition
 
The Company reports revenue on a gross or net basis based on management’s assessment of whether the Company acts as a
principal or agent in the transaction and is evaluated on a transaction by transaction basis. To the extent the Company acts as the
principal, revenue is reported on a gross basis net of any sales tax from customers, when applicable. The determination of whether the
Company acts as a principal or an agent in a transaction is based on an evaluation of whether the Company controls the good or service
prior to transfer to the customer. Where applicable, the Company has determined that it acts as the principal in all of its membership
service, sponsorship, and merchandising streams and may act as principal or agent for its ticketing/live events, advertising and
licensing revenue streams.
   
F-11

--- PAGE 136 ---
 
 
The Company’s revenue is principally derived from the following services:
  
Membership Services
 
Membership services revenue substantially consist of monthly to annual recurring membership fees, which are primarily paid
in advance by credit card or through direct billings arrangements. The Company defers the portions of monthly to annual recurring
membership fees collected in advance and recognizes them in the period earned. Membership revenue is recognized in the period of
services rendered. The Company’s membership revenue consists of performance obligations that are satisfied over time. This has been
determined based on the fact that the nature of services offered are membership based where the customer simultaneously receives and
consumes the benefit of the services provided regardless of whether the customer uses the services or not. As a result, the Company has
concluded that the best measure of progress toward the complete satisfaction of the performance obligation over time is a time-based
measure. The Company recognizes membership revenue straight-line through the membership period.
  
Membership Services consist of:
 
Direct member, mobile service provider and mobile app services
 
The Company generates revenue for membership services on both a direct basis and through memberships sold through
certain third-party mobile service providers and mobile app services (collectively the “Mobile Providers”). For memberships sold
through the Mobile Providers, the member executes an on-line agreement with Slacker outlining the terms and conditions between
Slacker and the member upon purchase of the membership. The Mobile Providers promote the Slacker app through their e-store,
process payments for memberships, and retain a percentage of revenue as a fee. The Company reports this revenue gross of the fee
retained by the Mobile Providers, as the member is Slacker’s customer in the contract and Slacker controls the service prior to the
transfer to the member. Membership revenues from monthly memberships sold directly through Mobile Providers are subject to such
Mobile Providers’ refund or cancellation terms. Revenues from Mobile Providers are recognized net of any such adjustments for
variable consideration, including refunds and other fees. The Company’s payment terms vary based on whether the membership is sold
on a direct basis or through Mobile Providers. Memberships sold on a direct basis require payment before the services are delivered to
the customer. The payment terms for memberships sold through Mobile Providers vary, but are generally payable within 30 days.
 
Third-Party Original Equipment Manufacturers
 
The Company generates revenue for membership services through memberships sold through a third-party Original
Equipment Manufacturer (the “OEM”). For memberships sold through the OEM, the OEM executes an agreement with Slacker
outlining the terms and conditions between Slacker and the OEM upon purchase of the membership. The OEM installs the Slacker app
in their equipment and provides the Slacker service to the OEM’s customers. The monthly fee charged to the OEM is based upon a
fixed rate per vehicle, multiplied by the variable number of total vehicles which have signed up for a paid membership. The number of
customers, or the variable consideration, is reported by OEMs and resolved on a monthly basis. The Company’s payment terms with
OEM are up to 30 days.
 
Advertising Revenue
 
Advertising revenue primarily consist of revenues generated from the sale of audio, video, and display advertising space to
third-party advertising exchanges. Revenues are recognized based on delivery of impressions over the contract period to the third-party
exchanges, either when an ad is placed for listening or viewing by a visitor or when the visitor “clicks through” on the advertisement.
The advertising exchange companies report the variable advertising revenue performed on a monthly basis which represents the
Company’s efforts to satisfy the performance obligation. Additionally, following the acquisition of PodcastOne, the Company began
deriving revenue from podcast advertising. PodcastOne earns advertising revenues primarily for fees earned from advertisement
placement purchased by the customer during the time the podcast is delivered to the viewing audience, under the terms and conditions
as set forth in the applicable podcasting agreement calculated using impressions.
 
F-12

--- PAGE 137 ---
 
 
From time to time we enter into barter transactions involving advertising provided in exchange for goods and services.
Revenue from barter transactions is recognized based on delivery of impressions and in the same manner as described above. Services
received are charged to expense when received or utilized. If services are received prior to the delivery of impressions, a liability is
recorded. If delivery of impressions have occurred before the receipt of goods or services, a receivable is recorded. Total revenues
related to barter transactions were $4.3 million and $3.5 million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively.
  
Licensing Revenue
  
Licensing revenue primarily consists of sales of licensing rights to digitally stream its live music services. Licensing revenue
is recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligation by transferring control of the goods or services to its customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services, which is
typically when the live event has aired. Any license fees collected in advance of an event are deferred until the event airs.
 
Sponsorship Revenue
  
Sponsorship revenue primarily consists of sales of sponsorship programs that provide sponsors with opportunities to reach our
customers. Sponsorship revenue is recognized as the event airs. Any sponsorship fees collected in advance of the contract term
(typically an event) are deferred until the event airs. The Company reports sponsorship revenue on a gross basis as the Company acts as
the principal in the underlying transactions.
  
Merchandising Revenue
 
Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control to the customer. The Company recognizes revenue and measures the
transaction price net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Sales also include shipping and
handling charges billed to customers, with the related freight costs included in cost of goods sold. Sales commissions are expensed as
incurred and are recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company's customer
contracts do not have a significant financing component due to their short durations, which are typically effective for one year or less
and have payment terms that are generally 30 to 60 days. Wholesale revenue is generally recognized when products are shipped,
depending on the applicable contract terms. The Company records a refund liability for expected returns based on prior returns history,
recent trends, and projections for returns on sales in the current period. The refund liability at March 31, 2022 and 2021 was less than
$0.1 million, respectively.
 
Ticket/Event Revenue
 
Ticket/Event revenue is primarily from the sale of tickets and promoter fees earned from venues or other co-promoters under
one of several formulas, including a fixed guaranteed amount and/or a percentage of ticket sales or event profits.
 
Revenue from the promotion or production of an event is recognized at a point in time when the show occurs. Revenue
collected in advance of the event is recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs. Revenue collected from sponsorship
agreements, which is not related to a single event, is classified as deferred revenue and recognized over the term of the agreement or
operating season as the benefits are provided to the sponsor.
 
Revenue from our ticketing operations primarily consists of service fees charged at the time a ticket for an event is sold in
either the primary or secondary markets, including both online pay-per-view (“PPV”) tickets as well as ticket physically purchased
through a ticket sale vendor. For primary tickets sold to the Company’s PPV and festival events the revenue for the associated ticket
service charges collected in advance of the event is recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs. For PPV arrangements that
include multiple performance obligations, i.e. delivery of the online stream, sponsorships, digital meet and greet, or physical
merchandise, we allocate the total contract consideration to each performance obligation using the standalone selling price. If the
standalone selling price is not readily determinable, it is estimated using observable inputs including an adjusted market based
approach, expected cost plus margin, or the residual approach.
 
F-13

--- PAGE 138 ---
 
 
Cost of Sales
 
Cost of Sales principally consist of royalties paid for the right to stream video, music and non-music content to the Company’s
customers and the cost of securing the rights to produce and stream live events from venues and promoters. Royalties are calculated
using negotiated and regulatory rates documented in content license agreements and are based on usage measures or revenue earned.
Music royalties to record labels, professional rights organizations and music publishers relate to the consumption of music listened to
on Slacker’s radio services. As of March 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company accrued $13.5 million and $12.3 million of royalties,
respectively, due to artists from use of Slacker’s radio services.
 
Cost of sales for the Company’s advertising revenue primarily includes PodcastOne direct costs comprised of revenue sharing
and commissions. Cost of sales for the Company’s merchandising revenue includes purchase costs and related direct costs. Direct costs
include all costs for personalization, production, planning, quality control, fulfillment and inbound freight.
 
Sales and Marketing 
 
Sales and Marketing include the direct and indirect costs related to the Company’s product and event advertising and
marketing. Additionally, sales and marketing include merchandising advertising and royalty costs. Advertising expenses to promote the
Company’s services are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses included in sales and marketing expense were $0.3 million and
$0.3 million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
Product Development
 
Product development costs primarily are expenses for research and development, product and content development activities,
including internal software development and improvement costs which have not been capitalized by the Company.
  
Stock-Based Compensation
 
Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense
over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period, on an accelerated basis. The Company accounts for awards with graded
vesting as if each vesting tranche is valued as a separate award. The Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to
determine the grant date fair value of stock options. This model requires the Company to estimate the expected volatility and the
expected term of the stock options which are highly complex and subjective variables. The variables take into consideration, among
other things, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behavior. The Company uses a predicted volatility of its stock price
during the expected life of the options that is based on the historical performance of the Company’s stock price as well as including an
estimate using guideline companies. The expected term is computed using the simplified method as the Company’s best estimate given
its lack of actual exercise history. The Company has selected a risk-free rate based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury
securities with a maturity equivalent to the expected term of the stock. Compensation expense resulting from granted restricted stock
units and restricted stock awards is measured at fair value on the date of grant and is recognized as share-based compensation expense
over the applicable vesting period. Stock-based awards are comprised principally of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock
units (“RSUs”), and restricted stock awards (“RSAs”). Forfeitures are recognized as incurred.
 
Stock option awards issued to non-employees are accounted for at grant date fair value determined using the Black-Scholes-
Merton option pricing model. Management believes that the fair value of the stock options is more reliably measured than the fair value
of the services received. The Company records the fair value of these equity-based awards and expense at their cost ratably over related
vesting periods.  
 
F-14

--- PAGE 139 ---
 
 
 Income Taxes
 
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets
are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
 
Net Income (Loss) Per Share
 
Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares and the dilutive effect of
contingent shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive contingent shares, which primarily consist of stock options issued
to employees, directors and consultants, restricted stock units, warrants issued to third parties and accounted for as equity instruments
and convertible notes would be excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their effect is anti-dilutive.
 
At March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 3,565,191 and 3,921,584 options outstanding, respectively, 3,064,375 and
4,512,916 restricted stock units outstanding, respectively, and 5,403,693 and 5,723,685 shares of common stock issuable underlying the
Company’s convertible notes and convertible debentures, respectively.
 
Business Combinations
 
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting where the purchase
consideration is allocated to the underlying net tangible and intangible assets acquired, based on their respective fair values. The excess
of the purchase consideration over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Identifiable assets
acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at
fair value. Additionally, any contingent consideration is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and classified as a liability.
Goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and any
noncontrolling interest in the acquiree exceeds the recognized basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities.
Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests requires management’s judgment and
often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the selection of appropriate valuation
methodology, projected revenue, expenses and cash flows, weighted average cost of capital, discount rates, estimates of customer
turnover rates, estimates of terminal values, and royalty rates.
  
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with original maturities, when purchased, of three months or
less.
 
F-15

--- PAGE 140 ---
 
 
The following table provides amounts included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash presented in the consolidated
statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31 (in thousands):
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Cash and cash equivalents
  $
12,894    $
18,635 
Restricted cash
   
260     
135 
Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
  $
13,154    $
18,770 
 
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
The Company maintains certain letters of credit agreements with its banking provider, which are secured by the Company’s
cash for periods of less than one year. As of March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash of $0.3 million and $0.1
million, respectively.
 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 
The Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. Generally, it records
specific reserves to reduce the amounts recorded to what it believes will be collected when a customer’s account ages beyond typical
collection patterns, or the Company becomes aware of a customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations.
 
The Company believes that the credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited due to the large and established nature of
its largest customers and the short-term nature of its membership receivables. At March 31, 2022, the Company had one customer that
made up 24% of the total accounts receivable balance. At March 31, 2021, the Company had two customers that made up 21% and
15% of the total accounts receivable balance.
 
The following table provides amounts included in accounts receivable, net for the fiscal years ended March 31 (in thousands):
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Accounts receivable
  $
14,404    $
10,679 
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
   
717     
112 
Accounts receivable, net
  $
13,687    $
10,567 
 
Inventories
 
Inventories, principally raw materials awaiting final customization process, are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value. Inventories are relieved on a first-in, first-out basis.
 
The carrying value of inventories is reduced for any excess and obsolete inventory. Excess and obsolete reductions are
determined based on currently available information, including the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual
customers and liquidations, and the age of inventory.
 
Paycheck Protection Program Loans
 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the PPP was established under the CARES Act and administered by the U.S. Small
Business Administration (“SBA”). Companies who met the eligibility requirements set forth by the PPP could qualify for PPP loans
provided by local lenders, which supports payroll, rent and utility expenses (“qualified expenses”). If the loan proceeds are fully
utilized to pay qualified expenses over the covered period, as further defined by the PPP, the full principal amount of the PPP loan may
qualify for loan forgiveness, subject to potential reduction based on the level of full-time employees maintained by the organization
during the covered period as compared to a baseline period. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received
confirmation from the SBA that $3.1 million in PPP loans (see Note 8 – Notes Payable) were forgiven. 
 
F-16

--- PAGE 141 ---
 
 
As the loans were forgiven and we were released from being the primary obligor, the Company recognized income in the
amount forgiven in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of the PPP loans during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022 and is included in total other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the
year ended March 31, 2022.
 
Property and Equipment
 
Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Costs of improvements that extend the economic life or improve service
potential are also capitalized. Capitalized costs are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Costs for normal repairs and
maintenance are expensed as incurred.
 
Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful lives, which are generally as follows:
buildings and improvements (5 years), furniture and equipment (3 to 5 years) and computer equipment and software (3 to 5 years).
Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life, based on the estimates above, or the lease term.
 
The Company evaluates the carrying value of its property and equipment if there are indicators of potential impairment. If
there are indicators of potential impairment, the Company performs an analysis to determine the recoverability of the asset group
carrying value by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset group. If it is determined
that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the asset group, the excess of the net book value
over the estimated fair value is recorded in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. Fair value is generally estimated
using valuation techniques that consider the discounted cash flows of the asset group using discount and capitalization rates deemed
reasonable for the type of assets, as well as prevailing market conditions, appraisals, recent similar transactions in the market and, if
appropriate and available, current estimated net sales proceeds from pending offers.
 
Capitalized Internal-Use Software
 
The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred to develop software for internal use. Costs incurred in the preliminary stages
of development are expensed as incurred. Once software has reached the development stage, internal and external costs, if direct and
incremental, are capitalized until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. The Company also capitalizes
costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable the expenditures will result in additional functionality.
Capitalized costs are recorded as part of property and equipment. Costs related to minor enhancements, maintenance and training are
expensed as incurred.
 
Capitalized internal-use software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their three- to five-year estimated useful
lives. The Company evaluates the useful lives of these assets and test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. During the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized
$3.4 million and $3.4 million of internal use software, respectively.
  
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Assets
 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible
assets acquired in a business combination and is carried at cost. Acquired trademarks and trade names are assessed as indefinite lived
assets if there are no foreseeable limits on the periods of time over which they are expected to contribute cash flows. Goodwill and
indefinite-lived assets are not amortized, but are subject to an annual impairment testing, as well as between annual tests when events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We perform our annual impairment testing at January 1 of
each year.
 
F-17

--- PAGE 142 ---
 
 
Our annual goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level. As of March 31, 2022 and 2021, our single
reporting unit is the same as our operating segment, as described in Note 19. We generally test goodwill for possible impairment by
first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less
than its carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is not used, or if the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, a quantitative
impairment test is performed. If a quantitative test is performed, we determine the fair value of the related reporting unit and compare
this value to the recorded net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill. The fair value of our reporting unit is determined using a
market approach based on quoted prices in active markets. In the event the recorded net assets of the reporting unit exceed the
estimated fair value of such assets, an impairment charge is recorded. Based on our annual impairment assessment, no impairments of
goodwill were identified in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021.
 
Estimations and assumptions regarding, future performance, results of the Company’s operations and comparability of its
market capitalization and net book value will be used.
 
We test our acquired trademarks and trade names for possible impairment by applying the same process as for goodwill. In the
instance when a qualitative test is not performed or is inconclusive, a quantitative test is performed by using a discounted cash flow
model to estimate fair value of our acquired trademarks and trade names. Based on our annual impairment assessment, no impairments
of acquired trademarks and trade names were identified in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021.
 
Intangible Assets with Finite Useful Lives
 
The Company has certain finite-lived intangible assets that were initially recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition.
These intangible assets consist of Intellectual Property, Customer Relationships, Content Creator Relationships, Wholesale
Relationships, Domain Names, Customer List, Capitalized Software Development Costs, and Non-compete Agreements resulting from
business combinations. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective
estimated useful lives, which are generally as follows: Intellectual Property (15 years), Customer, Content Creator and Wholesale
Relationships (1-6 years), Domain Names, Customer Lists, and Software (5 years), Patents (15 years), and Non-Compete Agreements
(3 years).
 
The Company reviews all finite lived intangible assets for impairment when circumstances indicate that their carrying values
may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, the Company recognizes an impairment loss for the
excess carrying value over the fair value in its consolidated statements of operations. In our assessment for potential impairment we
identified triggering events due to the events resulting from the global COVID-19 pandemic which caused the temporary halting of car
production of our OEM partner as well as overall advertising spend decrease from our advertising partners. No impairment losses have
been recorded in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. The outbreak could have a continued adverse impact on economic
and market conditions and trigger a period of global economic slowdown, which may impair the Company’s asset values, including
intangible assets. 
 
Deferred Revenue and Costs
 
Deferred revenue consists substantially of amounts received from customers in advance of the Company’s performance
service period. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue on a systematic basis that is proportionate to the period that the underlying
services are rendered, which in certain arrangements is straight line over the remaining contractual term or estimated customer life of
an agreement.
 
In the event the Company receives cash in advance of providing its music services, the Company will also defer an amount of
such future royalty and costs to 3rd party music labels, publishers and other providers on its balance sheets. Deferred costs are
amortized to expense concurrent with the recognition of the related revenue and the expense is included in cost of sales.
 
F-18

--- PAGE 143 ---
 
 
Fair Value Measurements - Valuation Hierarchy
 
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). The Company uses the three-level valuation hierarchy for
classification of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset
or liability as of the measurement date. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs
that reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the data market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based on the best information available in the circumstances. The three-tier hierarchy of inputs is summarized below:
 
 
Level 1  Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
 
 
 
 
Level 2 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or other inputs that are
observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.
 
 
 
 
Level 3 Valuation is based upon other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement.
  
The classification of assets and liabilities within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Proper classification of fair value measurements within the valuation hierarchy
is considered each reporting period. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material effect on the
estimated fair value amounts. Financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value each
time a financial statement is prepared. The derivative liabilities are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, and are Level 3 measurements. There have been no transfers between levels.
 
Concentration of Credit Risk
 
The Company maintains cash balances at commercial banks. Cash balances commonly exceed the $250,000 amount insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts, and management
believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to such cash and cash equivalents.
 
Seasonality
 
Our CPS merchandising business is affected by seasonality, which typically results in higher sales volume during our third
quarter, which ends December 31. 
 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements
 
In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this ASU simplify the
accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740. The amendments also improve
consistent application of and simplify GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The Company
adopted this ASU in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and has identified no material effect on its financial statements or disclosures. 
 
F-19

--- PAGE 144 ---
 
 
In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and
Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers, which provides additional guidance on measuring revenue contracts with
customers acquired in a business combination. Under current GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers and
other similar contracts that are accounted for in accordance with Topic 606, at fair value on the acquisition date. The amendments in
this update require acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
combination. The amendments in this update improve comparability for both the recognition and measurement of acquired revenue
contracts with customers at the date of and after a business combination. The amendments in this ASU are effective and applied
prospectively for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company prospectively adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material impact to the consolidated financial statements.
 
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
 
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at
amortized cost. It also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to available-for-sale
debt securities to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the
securities. These changes will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2022 for SEC filers that are eligible to be smaller reporting companies under the SEC’s definition, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements.
 
In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and
Derivatives and Hedging— Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The FASB issued this ASU to address issues identified
as a result of the complexity associated with GAAP for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity.
Complexity associated with the accounting is a significant contributing factor to numerous financial statement restatements and results
in complexity for users attempting to understand the results of applying the current guidance. In addressing the complexity, the FASB
focused on amending the guidance on convertible instruments and the guidance on the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an
entity’s own equity. For convertible instruments, the FASB decided to reduce the number of accounting models for convertible debt
instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being
separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to
separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that
meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt
instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The FASB concluded that
eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments, reduces complexity for preparers and
practitioners, and improves the decision usefulness and relevance of the information provided to financial statement users. In addition
to eliminating certain accounting models, the FASB also decided to enhance information transparency by making targeted
improvements to the disclosures for convertible instruments and earnings-per-share (EPS) guidance on the basis of feedback from
financial statement users. The FASB decided to amend the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity’s own
equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. The FASB observed that the application of the derivatives scope
exception guidance results in accounting for some contracts as derivatives while accounting for economically similar contracts as
equity. The FASB also decided to improve and amend the related EPS guidance. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The FASB specified that an
entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year. The FASB decided to allow entities to adopt the guidance
through either a modified retrospective method of transition or a fully retrospective method of transition. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the timing of adoption and the
application method.
 
F-20

--- PAGE 145 ---
 
 
In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832), to increase the transparency of
government assistance for accounting for transactions with governments by applying a grant or contribution model by analogy to other
accounting guidance (for example, a grant model within IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government
Assistance), including the disclosure of (1) the types of assistance, (2) an entity’s accounting for the assistance, and (3) the effect of the
assistance on an entity’s financial statements. Diversity currently exists in the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
government assistance received by business entities because of the lack of specific authoritative guidance in GAAP. The amendments
in this ASU will provide comparable and transparent information to financial statement users. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for all entities within their scope for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements.
 
Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) did not or are not believed by
management to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future consolidated financial statement presentation or
disclosures. 
 
Note 3 — Revenue
 
The following table represents a disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers for the years ended March 31, 2022
and 2021 (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Revenue
   
     
 
Membership services
  $
41,264    $
33,577 
Advertising
   
33,739     
20,779 
Merchandising
   
15,447     
5,168 
Sponsorship and Licensing
   
7,051     
3,878 
Ticket/Event
   
19,518     
1,828 
Total Revenue
  $
117,019    $
65,230 
 
For some contracts, the Company may invoice up front for services recognized over time or for contracts in which the
Company has unsatisfied performance obligations. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally cover
monthly payments. In the circumstances where the timing of invoicing differs from the timing of revenue recognition, the Company has
determined its contracts do not include a significant financing component. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient
under ASC 606-10-50-14 and not provide disclosure of the amount and timing of performance obligations as the performance
obligations are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
 
For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer accounted for 28% and 36% of our consolidated revenues,
respectively.
 
F-21

--- PAGE 146 ---
 
 
The following table summarizes the significant changes in contract liabilities balances during the years ended March 31, 2022
and 2021 (in thousands):
 
 
 
Contract
Liabilities  
Balance as of April 1, 2020
  $
949 
Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability at beginning of period
   
(949)
Increase due to cash received, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period
   
1,262 
Balance as of March 31, 2021
   
1,262 
Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability at beginning of period
   
(1,262)
Increase due to cash received, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period
   
1,157 
Balance as of March 31, 2022
  $
1,157 
 
Note 4 — Business Combinations
 
Gramophone
 
On October 17, 2021, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, LiveXLive PR, Inc., acquired 100% of the equity interests of
Gramophone for net consideration of $0.4 million consisting of 79,365 shares of the Company’s common stock with a fair value of
$0.1 million net of a 25% discount for lack of marketability described below, contingent consideration with a fair value of $0.2 million
comprised of shares held in escrow and a cash earnout, and cash of $0.2 million. The shares of the Company’s common stock were
subject to a twelve-month lock-up period and remain subject to sales volume restrictions.
 
Fair Value of Consideration Transferred:
   
 
Cash
  $
150 
Common stock
   
89 
Contingent consideration
   
174 
Total
  $
413 
 
Contingent consideration in the form of a cash earnout of $0.3 million will be paid to the seller of Gramophone if, during the
period commencing June 1, 2021 and ending on May 31, 2022 (“First Year Target”), Gramophone reports GAAP revenues of $1.4
million and EBITDA (as defined in the purchase agreement) of $0.3 million. If the First Year Target is not met, the cash earnout will be
paid to the seller of Gramophone if, during the period commencing June 1, 2022 and ending on May 31, 2023 (“Second Year Target”),
Gramophone reports GAAP revenues of $2 million and EBITDA of $0.5 million. Based on their likelihood of achievement
management’s current estimate of the value of the contingent consideration related to the cash earnout was valued at $0.2 million. The
contingent consideration liability of $0.2 million is classified within Other Long-Term Liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets at March 31, 2022 (see Note 14 – Other Long-Term Liabilities). The remaining contingent consideration included in the
purchase price was not material and is included in Other Long-Term Liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at
March 31, 2022.
 
Goodwill resulted from acquisition as it is intended to augment and diversify the Company’s single reportable segment. The
Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. As a result of the acquisition of the stock of Gramophone, the
goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
 
F-22

--- PAGE 147 ---
 
 
The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets assumed in the Gramophone acquisition (in thousands):
 
Asset Type
 
Amortization
Period
(Years)
  Fair Value  
Cash and cash equivalents
 
 
  $
4 
Accounts receivable
 
 
   
4 
Trade name
 
5
   
73 
Customer list
 
2
   
94 
Goodwill
 
 
   
459 
Deferred revenue
 
 
   
(51)
Deferred tax liability
 
 
   
(41)
Accrued liabilities
 
 
   
(129)
Net assets acquired
 
 
  $
413 
 
Revenue of $0.4 million and net loss of $0.1 million was included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations
from the date of acquisition for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 for Gramophone.
 
The Company incurred less than $0.1 million in transaction costs associated with the Gramophone acquisition, which were
expensed and included in General and Administrative in the consolidated statement of operations for fiscal year ended March 31, 2022.
 
PodcastOne
 
On July 1, 2020, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, LiveXLive PodcastOne, Inc., acquired 100% of the equity interests
of PodcastOne for net consideration of $16.1 million consisting of 5,363,636 shares of the Company’s common stock with a fair value
of $14.6 million net of a 24% discount for lack of marketability described below, contingent consideration with a fair value of $1.1
million and an additional true-up of 203,249 shares during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 valued at $0.4 million, net of a 24% discount
for lack of marketability described below, that was issued as part of the final purchase price consideration. The shares of the Company’s
common stock are subject to a twelve-month lock-up period and sales volume restrictions. 
  
Fair Value of Consideration Transferred:
   
 
Common stock
  $
14,991 
Contingent consideration
   
1,100 
Total
  $
16,091 
 
If, during the period commencing after May 7, 2020 and ending on July 1, 2022, for five consecutive trading days the closing
market price of the Company’s common stock exceeds $5.00 per share, an additional aggregate payment of $3.0 million in cash shall
be paid to the sellers of PodcastOne in accordance with their respective pro rata percentage within five business days of the second
anniversary of the closing date (July 1, 2022). The fair value of this contingent consideration liability on the closing date of July 1,
2020 was estimated at $1.1 million using a Monte Carlo simulation and the significant unobservable input included a credit yield of
21.9%. During March 2021, the closing price of the Company’s common stock exceeded $5.00 per share for the requisite five
consecutive days. The Company recorded a $1.3 million charge to Other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations
during the year ended March 31, 2021. The contingent consideration liability of $2.9 million and $2.4 million is classified within Other
Long-term Liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 14 – Other
Long-Term Liabilities).
 
Goodwill resulted from acquisition as it is intended to augment and diversify the Company’s single reportable segment. The
Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. As a result of the acquisition of the stock of PodcastOne, the
goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
 
F-23

--- PAGE 148 ---
 
 
The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets assumed in the PodcastOne acquisition (in thousands):
 
Asset Type
 
Weighted
Average
Amortization
Period
(Years)
  Fair Value  
Cash and cash equivalents
 
 
  $
1,286 
Accounts receivable
 
 
   
3,951 
Prepaid expense and other assets
 
 
   
316 
Property and equipment
 
 
   
119 
Content creator relationships
 
1.6
   
772 
Trade name
 
10
   
1,010 
Goodwill
 
 
   
12,042 
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 
 
   
(2,934)
Deferred tax asset
 
 
   
972 
Allowance for deferred tax asset
 
 
   
(972)
Note payable
 
 
   
(471)
Net assets acquired
 
 
  $
16,091 
 
The fair value of the assets acquired includes accounts receivable of $4.0 million. The gross amount due under contracts is
$4.2 million, of which $0.2 million is expected to be uncollectible. The Company did not acquire any other class of receivable as a
result of the acquisition of PodcastOne.
 
CPS
 
On December 22, 2020, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, LiveXLive Merchandising, Inc., acquired 100% of the
equity interests of CPS for total consideration of 2,230,769 shares of the Company’s restricted common stock with a fair value of $6.4
million net of a 25% discount for lack of marketability described below. The shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the
sellers were subject to a twelve-month lock-up period from the closing date, which expired on December 22, 2021.
 
The Company agreed to also issue up to approximately 577,000 additional shares of its restricted common stock, classified as
contingent consideration, as CPS reported GAAP revenue of at least $20.0 million and $1.0 million of EBITDA (as defined in the
purchase agreement) for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Based on their likelihood of achievement this number of shares
reflected management’s current estimate and were valued at $1.7 million based on the Company’s stock price on the date of acquisition,
net of a 25% discount for lack of marketability. On July 7, 2021, the Company issued 576,923 shares of its restricted common stock to
the sellers of CPS as consideration for CPS having satisfied such targets. Accordingly, the Company recorded a $0.2 million benefit to
other income (expense) which is included in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended March 31,
2022.
 
The Company further agreed to issue up to approximately 214,000 additional shares of its restricted common stock to the
extent CPS’ final working capital as determined by the parties exceeds $4.0 million. This number of shares is based on actual
achievement under the terms of the purchase agreement and mutual agreement with the sellers. These additional shares were valued at
$0.6 million based on the Company’s stock price on the date of acquisition, net of a 25% discount for lack of marketability. Included in
the total amount of $0.6 million is a purchase price adjustment of $0.3 million related to the resolution of provisional amounts
previously recorded based on estimates, which was accounted for as a purchase price adjustment within the measurement period as an
increase to goodwill related to the CPS acquisition. On July 7, 2021, the Company issued 214,475 shares of its restricted common stock
to the sellers of CPS as consideration for CPS having satisfied such target. These amounts are included in additional paid in capital in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
F-24

--- PAGE 149 ---
 
 
Fair Value of Consideration Transferred:
   
 
Common stock
  $
6,391 
Additional paid-in capital – common stock to be issued
   
615 
Contingent consideration
   
1,654 
Total
  $
8,660 
 
Goodwill resulted from acquisition as it is intended to augment and diversify the Company’s single reportable segment. The
Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. As a result of the acquisition of the stock of CPS, the goodwill is not
deductible for tax purposes.
 
The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets assumed in the CPS acquisition (in thousands):
 
Asset Type
 
Weighted
Average
Amortization
Period
(Years)
 
Fair Value  
Cash and cash equivalents
 
 
  $
1,132 
Accounts receivable
 
 
   
6,153 
Inventories
 
 
   
2,600 
Prepaid expense
 
 
   
29 
Property and equipment
 
 
   
585 
Wholesale relationship
 
6
   
2,500 
Domain name
 
10
   
400 
Customer list
 
5
   
172 
Goodwill
 
 
   
1,207 
Other assets
 
 
   
53 
Right of use asset
 
 
   
1,086 
Lease liability
 
 
   
(1,086)
Accounts payable
 
 
   
(5,067)
Deferred tax liability
 
 
   
(388)
Other liabilities
 
 
   
(716)
Net assets acquired
 
 
  $
8,660 
 
The fair value of the assets acquired includes accounts receivable of $6.2 million. The gross amount due under contracts is
$6.5 million, of which $0.3 million is expected to be uncollectible. The Company did not acquire any other class of receivable as a
result of the acquisition of CPS. 
 
The Company is required to establish a deferred tax liability for book tax basis differences of acquired assets and liabilities
which would result in the utilization of available net operating losses. The decrease in valuation allowance resulted in a tax benefit of
$0.4 million which was recorded in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
 
Revenue of $15.7 million and $5.2 million and net loss of $3.1 million and $0.3 million was included in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 for PodcastOne and CPS,
respectively.
 
The Company incurred  less than $0.1 million in transaction costs associated with the PodcastOne and CPS acquisitions,
respectively, which were expensed and included in General and Administrative in the consolidated statement of operations for fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021.
 
F-25

--- PAGE 150 ---
 
 
Supplemental Pro Forma Information (Unaudited)
 
The pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of operations
that would have been achieved from the acquisitions had they taken place at the beginning of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively.
 
The following table presents the revenues, net loss and earnings per share of the combined company for the year ended March
31, 2021 as if the acquisition of CPS had been completed on April 1, 2020 (in thousands, except per share data).
  
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,
(unaudited)  
 
 
2021
 
 
   
 
Revenues
  $
83,050 
Net loss
   
(41,801)
Net loss per share – basic and diluted
  $
(0.61)
 
The following table presents the revenues, net loss and earnings per share of the combined company for the year ended March
31, 2021 as if the acquisition of PodcastOne had been completed on April 1, 2020 (in thousands, except per share data).
  
 
 
Year Ended
March 31,
(unaudited)  
 
 
2021
 
 
   
 
Revenues
  $
69,953 
Net loss
   
(42,656)
Net loss per share – basic and diluted
  $
(0.62)
 
The following table presents the revenues, net loss and earnings per share of the combined company for the years ended
March 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the acquisition of Gramophone had been completed on April 1, 2020 (in thousands, except per share
data).
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
(unaudited)
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
   
     
 
Revenues
  $
117,623    $
66,098 
Net loss
   
(43,592)    
(41,985)
Net loss per share – basic and diluted
  $
(0.55)   $
(0.61)
 
The Company’s unaudited pro forma supplemental information is based on estimates and assumptions which the Company
believes are reasonable and reflect amortization of intangible assets as a result of the acquisition. The pro forma results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that would have been realized had the acquisitions been consummated as of the beginning of the
periods presented. The pro forma amounts include the historical operating results of the Company, with adjustments directly
attributable to the acquisition which included amortization of acquired intangible assets of $0.1 million and $1.7 million in the year
ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and transaction costs of $0.1 million and $0.1 million included in the year ended March
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
F-26

--- PAGE 151 ---
 
 
Note 5 — Property and Equipment
 
The Company’s property and equipment at March 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
As of March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Property and equipment, net
 
    
  
Computer, machinery, and software equipment
  $
5,508    $
5,277 
Furniture and fixtures
   
141     
141 
Leasehold improvements
   
531     
531 
Capitalized internally developed software
   
13,860     
10,154 
Total property and equipment
   
20,040     
16,103 
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
   
(15,352)    
(11,736)
Total property and equipment, net
  $
4,688    $
4,367 
 
Depreciation and amortization expense was $3.6 million and $3.2 million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively.
 
Note 6 — Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 
Goodwill
 
The Company currently has one reporting unit. The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):
 
 
 
Goodwill  
Balance as of April 1, 2020
  $
9,672 
Acquisitions
   
12,947 
Balance as of March 31, 2021
  $
22,619 
Acquisition
   
459 
Purchase price adjustment (See Note 4 – Business Combinations)
   
301 
Balance as of March 31, 2022
  $
23,379 
 
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
 
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the Company’s
reportable segment for the year ended March 31, 2022 (in thousands):
 
 
  Tradenames  
Balance as of April 1, 2020
  $
4,637 
Acquisitions
   
- 
Impairment losses
   
- 
Balance as of March 31, 2021
  $
4,637 
Acquisitions
   
- 
Impairment losses
   
- 
Balance as of March 31, 2022
  $
4,637 
  
F-27

--- PAGE 152 ---
 
 
Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 
The Company’s finite-lived intangible assets were as follows as of March 31, 2022 (in thousands):
 
 
 
Gross
Carrying
Value
   
Accumulated
Amortization   
Net
Carrying
Value
 
Software
  $
19,281    $
16,389    $
2,892 
Intellectual property (patents)
   
5,366     
1,520     
3,846 
Customer relationships
   
6,570     
6,177     
393 
Content creator relationships
   
772     
772     
- 
Domain names
   
514     
83     
431 
Brand and trade names
   
2,643     
454     
2,189 
Non-compete agreement
   
250     
181     
69 
Customer list
   
2,998     
735     
2,263 
Total
  $
38,394    $
26,311    $
12,083 
 
The Company’s finite-lived intangible assets were as follows as of March 31, 2021 (in thousands):
 
 
 
Gross
Carrying
Value
   
Accumulated
Amortization   
Net
Carrying
Value
 
Software
  $
19,281    $
12,533    $
6,748 
Intellectual property (patents)
   
5,366     
1,163     
4,203 
Customer relationships
   
6,570     
5,652     
918 
Content creator relationships
   
772     
371     
401 
Domain names
   
429     
31     
398 
Brand and trade names
   
2,571     
253     
2,318 
Non-compete agreement
   
250     
97     
153 
Customer list
   
2,903     
211     
2,692 
Total
  $
38,142    $
20,311    $
17,831 
 
The Company’s amortization expense on its finite-lived intangible assets was $6.0 million and $5.6 million for the years ended
March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
The Company estimated future amortization expense on its finite-lived intangible assets as of March 31, 2022 to be as follows
(in thousands):
 
For Years Ended March 31,
   
 
 
 
  
2023
  $
4,543 
2024
   
1,074 
2025
   
1,074 
2026
   
1,074 
2027
   
1,074 
Thereafter
   
3,244 
 
  $
12,083 
 
F-28

--- PAGE 153 ---
 
 
Note 7 — Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
 
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities at March 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Accounts payable
  $
29,640    $
18,541 
Accrued liabilities
   
15,505     
13,786 
Lease liabilities, current
   
273     
319 
Total
  $
45,418    $
32,646 
 
Note 8 — Notes Payable
 
The Company’s notes payable at March 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Senior promissory note
  $
-    $
351 
SBA loan
   
160     
153 
PPP loans
   
-     
3,110 
 
   
160     
3,614 
Less: Current portion of Notes payable
   
(12)    
(2,729)
Notes payable
  $
148    $
885 
 
Senior Promissory Note 
 
On December 31, 2014, the Company converted accounts payable into a Promissory Note (the “Note”) in the aggregate
principal amount of $0.2 million. As of March 31, 2022 the promissory note and related Delaware and California judgments have been
satisfied in full. 
 
SBA Loan
 
On June 17, 2020, the Company received the proceeds from a loan in the amount of less than $0.2 million from the SBA.
Installment payments, including principal and interest, begin 12-months from the date of the promissory note. The balance is payable
30-years from the date of the promissory note, and bears interest at a rate of 3.75% per annum. The Company was in compliance with
all debt covenants associated with the SBA loan as of March 31, 2022.
 
PPP Loans
 
In April 2020, the Company received proceeds of $2.0 million from a PPP loan. In April 2021, the Company received
confirmation from the SBA that the entire balance of such PPP loan was forgiven as a result of the Company’s application and
acceptance under the terms of the CARES Act. On July 1, 2020, the Company acquired PodcastOne that had previously obtained a PPP
loan, which had a balance of $0.5 million as of March 31, 2021. On May 11, 2021, the Company received confirmation from the SBA
that the entire balance of such PPP loans were forgiven as a result of the Company’s application and acceptance under the terms of the
CARES Act.
 
On March 20, 2021, the Company received proceeds of $0.6 million from a second loan (the “Second PPP loan”) under the
PPP of the CARES Act, which the Company intends to use to retain employees and for other qualifying expenses. The Second PPP
Loan matures on March 20, 2026 and bears annual interest at a rate of 1.0%. In March 2022, the Company received confirmation from
the SBA that the entire balance of the Second PPP loan was forgiven as a result of the Company’s application and acceptance under the
terms of the CARES Act.
 
F-29

--- PAGE 154 ---
 
 
The Company recognized a $3.1 million gain on forgiveness of PPP loans, included in total other expense, net in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations as a result of the balance of PPP loans forgiven during the year ended March 31,
2022.
  
Note 9 — Unsecured Convertible Notes
 
The Company’s unsecured convertible notes payable at March 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Unsecured Convertible Notes - Related Party
   
     
 
(A) 8.5% Unsecured Convertible Note - Due May 31, 2023
  $
4,702    $
4,397 
(B) 8.5% Unsecured Convertible Notes - Due May 31, 2023
   
1,177     
1,104 
Net
   
5,879     
5,501 
 
   
      
  
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note
  $
-    $
2,000 
Accrued interest
   
-     
186 
Less: Discount
   
-     
(223)
Fair Value of Embedded Derivatives
   
-     
13 
Net
   
-     
1,976 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes, Net
  $
5,879    $
7,477 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes, Net, Current
   
-     
1,976 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes, Net, Long-Term
  $
5,879    $
5,501 
 
The Company incurred interest expense of $0.5 million and $0.7 million attributed to its unsecured convertible notes for the
year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total principal maturities of the Company’s unsecured convertible notes are $5.9
million for the year ending March 31, 2024.
 
Unsecured Convertible Notes – Related Party
 
As of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding 8.5% unsecured convertible notes payable (the
“Trinad Notes”) issued to Trinad Capital Master Fund Ltd. (“Trinad Capital”), a fund controlled by Mr. Ellin, the Company’s Chief
Executive Officer, Chairman, director and principal stockholder, as discussed below. The Trinad Notes are convertible into shares of the
Company’s common stock at a fixed conversion price of $3.00 per share.
 
The first Trinad Note was issued on February 21, 2017, to convert aggregate principal and interest of $3.6 million under the
first senior promissory note and second senior promissory note with Trinad Capital previously issued on December 31, 2014 and April
8, 2015, respectively. The first Trinad Note was due on March 31, 2018 and was extended to May 31, 2023 (as discussed below). At
March 31, 2022, the balance due of $5.9 million, which included $1.4 million of accrued interest, was outstanding under the first
Trinad Note. At March 31, 2021, the balance due of $4.4 million, which included $1.0 million of accrued interest, was outstanding
under the first Trinad Note.
 
Between October 27, 2017 and December 18, 2017, the Company issued six unsecured convertible notes payable to Trinad
Capital for aggregate total principal amount of $1.1 million. The notes were due on various dates through December 31, 2018 and were
extended to May 31, 2023 (as discussed below). As of March 31, 2022 and 2021, $0.3 million and $0.1 million of accrued interest was
included in the principal balance, respectively.
 
F-30

--- PAGE 155 ---
 
 
On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment of Notes Agreement (the “Amendment Agreement”) with
Trinad Capital pursuant to which the maturity date of all of the Trinad Notes was extended to May 31, 2023, and in consideration of
such extension, the Company issued to Trinad Capital 33,654 shares of its common stock. The Company evaluated the Amendment
Agreement and the amendment was required to be accounted for as an extinguishment under ASC 470-50, Debt – Modifications and
Extinguishment. As a result, we determined that the amendment should be accounted for as an extinguishment and we recorded the
amended debt instrument at fair value which included the consideration in common stock transferred. The resulting loss on
extinguishment recorded of $4.3 million is included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended March 31, 2022. In addition, the Company recorded a $4.2 million benefit to additional paid in capital as
a result of the excess of the deemed fair value of the Trinad Notes over the principal and accrued interest outstanding at the time of
extinguishment.
 
The Company may not redeem any of the Trinad Notes prior to May 31, 2023 without Trinad Capital’s consent. 
 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note
  
On February 5, 2020, React Presents issued a two-year $2 million Convertible Promissory Note (the “Note”), bearing annual
interest at 8%. The purpose of the Note was to fund the acquisition of React Presents. All unpaid and outstanding principal and any
unpaid and accrued interest was due on February 5, 2022. At issuance, the Note was convertible by the holder at any time prior to
maturity in part or in whole with the unpaid interest and principal convertible at a conversion price equal to $4.50 per share of the
Company’s common stock, subject to certain protective adjustments. The Note may be prepaid in whole or in part in cash without
penalty at any time prior to maturity. Any such prepayment will be applied to accrued interest first and then the principal.
 
Effective December 31, 2021, the Note holder converted the Note in whole pursuant to an exchange agreement entered into
during the year ended March 31, 2022, which provided for an exchange of the Note into shares of the Company’s common stock at a
price of $2.10 per share, resulting in 1,155,143 shares issued upon the exchange. As a result of the effective exchange incentives
offered to the Note holder, the Company recorded a $0.8 million expense to Other Income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants associated with their unsecured convertible debt as of Mach 31,
2022.
 
Note 10 — Senior Secured Convertible Notes
 
The Company’s senior secured convertible notes at March 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
 
    
  
Senior Secured Convertible Notes
  $
15,000    $
15,000 
Fair value of embedded derivatives
   
18     
118 
Less: Discount
   
(1,368)    
(2,071)
Senior Secured Convertible Notes, long-term
  $
13,650    $
13,047 
 
On September 15, 2020 (the “Closing Date”), the Company issued two-year secured convertible notes in the aggregate
principal amount of $15.0 million (the “Harvest Notes”) to Harvest Small Cap Partners, L.P. and Harvest Small Cap Partners, Ltd.
(collectively, the “Purchaser”). The Purchaser are funds affiliated with No Street Capital, a San Francisco-based investment firm.
 
F-31

--- PAGE 156 ---
 
  
The Harvest Notes mature on June 3, 2023, accrued interest at 8.5% per year with interest is payable quarterly in cash in
arrears, and are convertible into shares of the Company’s common stock at a conversion price of $4.50 per share at the applicable
Purchaser’s option, subject to certain customary adjustments such as stock splits, stock dividends and stock combinations (the
“Conversion Price”). The Company does not have the right to prepay any or all of the Harvest Notes prior to their maturity.
 
The current portion of accrued interest related to the Harvest Notes is included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
 
The Company’s obligations under the Harvest Notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of certain customary events of
default (as defined in the Harvest Notes) and are guaranteed under a Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the Closing Date (the
“Subsidiary Guarantee”), entered into by all of the Company’s subsidiaries (the “Guarantors”) in favor of the Purchaser. The
Company’s obligations under the Harvest Notes and the Guarantors’ obligations under the Subsidiary Guarantee are secured under a
Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the “Security Agreement”), and an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated
as of the Closing Date (the “IP Security Agreement”), by a lien on all of the Company’s and the Guarantors’ assets and intellectual
property, subject to certain exceptions. The Harvest Notes require the Company to maintain aggregate cash deposits of $10.0 million
until the Harvest Notes are paid in full. In May 2021 and in connection with the Company entering into a $7.0 million senior secured
revolving credit facility, the holders of the Harvest Notes subordinated their security interest and extended the maturity date of the
notes to June 3, 2023. In consideration of the above, the Company issued 60,000 shares of its common stock to the Purchaser.
 
The Company evaluated this agreement and it was required to be accounted for as troubled debt restructuring under ASC 470-
60, Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors. As a result, the Company recorded the shares of common stock issued to the Purchaser as
an increase to Additional Paid In Capital and a corresponding debt discount included in Secured Convertible Notes, net in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
 
The Company and the Purchaser also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the “RRA”),
which granted the Assignees “demand” and “piggyback” registration rights to register the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the Notes and the Shares (collectively, the “Registrable Securities”) with the SEC for resale or other disposition. Pursuant
to the RRA, the Company filed a resale Registration Statement on Form S-3 on October 14, 2020, and it was declared effective by the
SEC on October 21, 2020. The Company also agreed to keep the initial Registration Statement continuously effective until the earliest
to occur of (i) the date on which all of the Registrable Securities registered thereunder have been sold and (ii) the date on which all of
the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement may be sold without volume restriction pursuant to Rule 144 under
the Securities Act.
 
In connection with the SPA, and the Harvest Notes subsequent extension, Robert S. Ellin, the Company’s CEO, Chairman,
director and principal stockholder, agreed not to dispose of any equity securities of the Company owned by Mr. Ellin or any entity of
which he is the beneficial owner and not to cease to be the beneficial owner of any other equity securities of the Company of which Mr.
Ellin is the beneficial owner as of June 3, 2021 until the Harvest Notes are paid in full (subject to certain customary exceptions),
without the Purchaser’s prior written consent.
 
The Harvest Notes and the Shares were issued in private placement transaction that was not registered under the Securities
Act, in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder.
 
The Company recorded $2.3 million and $0.9 million in interest expense associated with the notes for the years ended March
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which $1.0 million and $0.5 million was attributed to the accretion of the debt discount associated
with the senior secured convertible notes.
 
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants associated with their senior secured convertible debt as of Mach 31,
2022.
 
F-32

--- PAGE 157 ---
 
 
 Note 11 — Senior Secured Revolving Line of Credit
 
On June 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Business Loan Agreement with East West Bank (the “Senior Lender”), which
provides for a revolving credit facility collateralized by all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. In connection with the
Business Loan Agreement, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with the Senior Lender and established the revolving line of
credit in the amount of $7.0 million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), maturing on June 2, 2023. Under the terms of the Promissory
Note, the Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a variable rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, plus 0.5%. The interest
rate for the year ended March 31, 2022 was 4.00%
 
The principal balance under the Revolving Credit Facility as of March 31, 2022 was $7.0 million. The Company was in
compliance with all debt covenants associated with the senior secured revolving line of credit as of March 31, 2022.
 
Maturity analysis for the Company’s total outstanding debt is as follows:
 
For the years ended March 31,
   
 
2023
  $
12 
2024
   
27,897 
Thereafter
   
148 
Total debt outstanding
   
28,057 
Less: Debt discount on senior secured convertible notes and line of credit
   
(1,403)
Total notes payable, convertible notes, related and non-related party, net and senior secured line of credit
  $
26,654 
 
Note 12 — Related Party Transactions
 
As of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, the Company had unsecured convertible Trinad Notes outstanding which were
issued to Trinad Capital as described in Note 9 – Unsecured Convertible Notes.
 
Note 13 — Leases
 
The Company leases a space at a location under a non-cancellable operating lease with a remaining lease term of 1 year, which
expired in fiscal year 2022 and was renewed for an additional year. On December 22, 2020, the Company acquired CPS which included
the assumption of an operating lease for a 55,120 square foot light manufacturing facility located in Addison Illinois, expiring June 30,
2024.
  
The Company leases several office locations with lease terms that are less than 12 months or are on month to month terms.
Rent expense is recognized over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. Rent expense for these leases totaled $0.3 million for the
year ended March 31, 2022. Operating leases with lease terms of greater than 12 months are capitalized in Operating lease right-of-use
assets and Operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Rent expense for these operating leases totaled $0.8 million and
$0.5 million the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the
consolidated statement of operations. 
 
F-33

--- PAGE 158 ---
 
 
Operating lease costs for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Fixed rent cost
  $
752     
507 
Short term lease cost
   
210     
281 
Total operating lease cost
  $
962     
788 
 
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):
 
Operating leases
 
March 31,
2022
   
March 31,
2021
 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
  $
728     
1,057 
 
   
      
  
Operating lease liability, current
  $
273     
319 
Operating lease liability, noncurrent
   
468     
742 
Total operating lease liabilities
  $
741     
1,061 
 
The operating lease right-of-use assets are included in other assets in the March 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheets, and
operating lease liabilities are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and lease liabilities non-current in the March 31, 2022
consolidated balance sheets.
 
Future maturities of operating lease liabilities as of March 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands):
 
For Years Ending March 31,
   
 
2023
  $
358 
2024
   
320 
2025
   
93 
 
   
  
Total lease payments
   
771 
Less: imputed interest
   
(30)
Present value of operating lease liabilities
  $
741 
  
Significant judgments
 
Discount rate – the Company’s lease is discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate of 8.5% as the rate
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
 
Options – the lease term is the minimum noncancelable period of the lease. The Company does not include option periods
unless the Company determined it is reasonably certain of exercising the option at inception or when a triggering event occurs.
 
Lease and non-lease components – Non lease components were considered and determined not to be material. 
  
Month to month arrangements
  
React Presents leases its Chicago, Illinois premises under a month-to-month lease. Rent expense for the operating leases
totaled less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively.
 
F-34

--- PAGE 159 ---
 
 
PodcastOne leases its Los Angeles premises under a month-to-month operating lease. Rent expense for the operating leases
totaled $0.3 million and $0.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 and the period from the acquisition date to March 31, 2021,
respectively.
 
Note 14 — Other Long-Term Liabilities
 
On October 30, 2020, Slacker entered into an amendment to existing agreements with a certain licensor of music content (the
“Music Partner”) which own and license rights to Slacker to certain sound recordings. Pursuant to this amendment, payment terms on
$5.9 million of outstanding balances to the Music Partner were extended over periods between 12 and 24 months. During the year
ended March 31, 2022 the amount owed the Music Partner was paid in full.
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
 
    
  
Due to Music Partner
  $
-    $
3,937 
Other long-term liabilities
   
174     
2,422 
  
The amount included in Other long-term liabilities is comprised of a contingent consideration liability resulting from the
business combination with PodcastOne (Note 4 - Business Combinations) and is carried at fair value (see Note 20 - Fair Value
Measurements).
 
Note 15 — Commitments and Contingencies
 
Promotional Rights 
 
Certain of the Company’s content acquisition agreements contain minimum guarantees, and require that the Company makes
upfront minimum guarantee payments. As of March 31, 2022, the Company has licenses, production and/or distribution agreements to
make guaranteed payments as follows: $0.1 million for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. These agreements also provide for a
revenue share that ranges between 35% and 50% of net revenues. In addition, there are other licenses, production and/or distribution
agreements that provide for a revenue share of 50% on net revenues; however, without a requirement to make future minimum
guaranteed payments irrespective to the execution and results of the planned events.
 
Contractual Obligations
 
As of March 31, 2022, the Company is obligated under agreements with Content Providers and other contractual obligations
to make guaranteed payments as follows: $6.6 million for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, $5.5 million for the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2024, $0.3 million for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2025 and $0.2 million for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026.
 
On a quarterly basis, the Company records the greater of the cumulative actual content acquisition costs incurred or the
cumulative minimum guarantee based on forecasted usage for the minimum guarantee period. The minimum guarantee period is the
period of time that the minimum guarantee relates to, as specified in each agreement, which may be annual or a longer period. The
cumulative minimum guarantee, based on forecasted usage, considers factors such as listening hours, revenue, members and other
terms of each agreement that impact the Company’s expected attainment or recoupment of the minimum guarantees based on the
relative attribution method.
 
Several of the Company’s content acquisition agreements also include provisions related to the royalty payments and
structures of those agreements relative to other content licensing arrangements, which, if triggered, could cause the Company’s
payments under those agreements to escalate. In addition, record labels, publishers and performing rights organizations with whom the
Company has entered into direct license agreements have the right to audit the Company’s content acquisition payments, and any such
audit could result in disputes over whether the Company has paid the proper content acquisition costs. However, as of March 31, 2022,
the Company does not believe it is probable that these provisions of its agreements discussed above will, individually or in the
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
 
F-35

--- PAGE 160 ---
 
 
Employment Agreements
 
As of March 31, 2022, the Company has employment agreements with two named executive officers (“Section 16 Officers”)
that provide salary payments of $0.5 million and target bonus compensation of up to $0.5 million for the year ending March 31, 2023.
Furthermore, such employment agreements contain severance clauses that could require severance payments in the aggregate amount
of $10.5 million (excluding the value of potential payouts of discretionary bonuses, pro-rata bonuses, and potential accelerated vesting
of equity awards granted to such executive officers).
 
Legal Proceedings 
 
On April 10, 2018, Joseph Schnaier, Danco Enterprises, LLC (an entity solely owned by Mr. Schnaier, “Danco”), Wantmcs
Holdings, LLC (Mr. Schnaier is the managing member) and Wantickets (Mr. Schnaier is the 90% beneficial owner) filed a complaint in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against each of the Company, LiveXLive Tickets, Inc. (“LXL
Tickets”), Robert S. Ellin, Alec Ellin, Blake Indursky and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (“Computershare”). Plaintiffs
subsequently voluntarily dismissed all claims against Alec Ellin, Blake Indursky and Computershare. The complaint alleged multiple
causes of action arising out of Schnaier’s investment (through Danco) into the Company in 2016, LXL Tickets’ purchase of certain
operating assets of Wantickets pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2017, and Mr. Schnaier’s employment
with LXL Tickets, including claims for fraudulent inducement, breach of contract, conversion, and defamation. Based on the remaining
claims, plaintiffs are seeking damages of approximately $10.0 million as shall be determined at trial, if any, plus interest, attorneys’ fees
and costs and other such relief as the court may award. The Company has denied and continue to deny plaintiffs’ claims. The Company
believes that the complaint is an intentional act by the plaintiffs to publicly tarnish the Company’s and its senior management’s
reputations through the public domain in an effort to obtain by threat of litigation certain results for Mr. Schnaier’s self-serving and
improper purposes. The Company is vigorously defending this lawsuit and believes that the allegations are without merit and that it has
strong defenses. On June 26, 2018, the Company and LXL Tickets, filed counterclaims against the plaintiffs for breach of contract
(including under the Asset Purchase Agreement), fraudulent inducement, and other causes of action, seeking injunctive relief, damages,
attorneys’ fees and expenses and such other relief as the court may award. In October 2018, pursuant to the terms of the APA, the
Company submitted a formal demand to Wantickets, Mr. Schnaier and Danco to indemnify the Company, among other things, for its
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this matter. In November 2021, the court denied our summary judgment motion to
dismiss plaintiffs’ fraudulent inducement claim, and dismissed plaintiff’s breach of the employment agreement claim with respect to the
Company. As of March 31, 2022, all of plaintiffs’ claims other than fraudulent inducement were dismissed or addressed by the parties
or the court. While a trial date has not yet been set, the Company expects the trial to commence sometime during the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2023 (unless further extended as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic). The Company intends to continue to vigorously
defend all remaining defendants against any liability to the plaintiffs with respect to the remaining claims, and the Company believes
that the allegations are without merit and that it has strong defenses. As of March 31, 2022, while the Company has assessed that the
likelihood of a loss, if any, is not probable, the outcome of this lawsuit is inherently uncertain and the potential range of loss could have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
During each of the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded legal settlement expenses relating to
potential claims arising in connection with litigation brought against the Company by certain third-parties were not material and were
included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
 
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings and other matters arising in connection with the conduct of
its business activities. Many of these proceedings may be at preliminary stages and/or seek an indeterminate amount of damages. In the
opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, such routine claims and lawsuits are not significant and we do not
currently expect them to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.
   
F-36

--- PAGE 161 ---
 
 
Note 16 — Employee Benefit Plan
 
The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan (the “401(k) Plan”) covering all employees. Prior to March 31, 2019, only Slacker
employees were eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan. Employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan the first day of the
calendar month following their date of hire. The Company may make discretionary matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan on behalf
of its employees up to a maximum of 100% of the participant’s elective deferral up to a maximum of 5% of the employees’ annual
compensation. The Company provided a contribution of $0.1 million and $0.1 million, to its employees for the years ended March 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
Note 17 — Stockholders’ Equity 
 
Issuance of Common Stock in Private Offerings
 
In July 2020, the Company issued directly to a certain institutional investor and another investor a total of 1,820,000 shares of
the Company’s common stock for net proceeds of approximately $7.3 million after offering costs at a price per share of $4.14. The
offering of the shares was made pursuant to the Shelf S-3 and a prospectus supplement related to the offering filed with the SEC on
July 23, 2020.
   
Issuance of Restricted Shares of Common Stock for Services to Consultants and Vendors  
 
During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred $0.7 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for
stock earned by its consultants, but not yet issued. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost of less than $0.1 million is expected
to be recorded over the next year as the shares vest.
 
During year ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued 4,061,326 shares of its common stock and restricted common stock
valued at $12.6 million to certain Company consultants and vendors of which $8.8 million related to shares issued to settle accounts
payable which includes the shares issued to MBRG Investors, LLC and the shares issued to a certain music partner and $3.8 million
relates to shares issued in exchange for services and is included in share-based compensation. Additionally, the Company incurred $1.2
million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for stock earned by its consultants, but not yet issued. The remaining unrecognized
compensation cost associated with restricted shares of common stock issued to consultants and vendors of $0.7 million was recorded
during the year ended March 31, 2022.
 
Issuance of Common Stock to Certain Music Partner
 
In June 2020, the Company entered into a new two-year license agreement with a certain music partner which owns and
license rights to Slacker to certain sound recordings. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company agreed to certain minimum yearly
guarantee payments and issued 264,000 shares of its restricted common stock to such music partner in consideration of all payments
due to the music partner prior the date of the agreement. These shares issued are included in the total number of shares issued to
consultants and vendors above.  
 
In July 2020, the Company issued to a certain music licensor 2,415,459 shares (the “Shares”) of its common stock at a price of
$3.28 per share,  to satisfy the Company’s payment obligation in the amount of $10.0 million owed to  such music licensor  (the
“Threshold Amount”). These shares issued are included in the total number of shares issued to consultants and vendors above.  In the
event that the value of the Shares as of September 30, 2020 was less than the Threshold Amount, the Company agreed to make an
additional cash payment to such music licensor in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the Threshold Amount and (ii) the sum
of (x) the net proceeds of any sales of the Shares by the music licensor plus (y) the aggregate value of the Shares not sold by the music
licensor as of such date. As of March 31, 2021, the Company accrued $1.8 million related to additional cash payment required which is
included in Accrued Royalties in the consolidated balance sheet and classified as a current liability. The shares were issued pursuant to
the Shelf S-3 and a prospectus supplement related to the offering of these shares filed with the SEC on July 22, 2020. The Company did
not receive any cash proceeds from the offering of these shares. 
 
F-37

--- PAGE 162 ---
 
 
2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 
The Company’s board of directors and stockholders approved the Company’s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the
“2016 Plan”) which reserved a total of 12,600,000 shares of the Company’s common stock for issuance. On September 17, 2020, our
stockholders approved the amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the plan by
5,000,000 shares increasing the total up to 17,600,000 shares which the Company formally increased on June 30, 2021. Incentive
awards authorized under the 2016 Plan include, but are not limited to, nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted
stock awards, restricted stock units, performance grants intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the “Code”), and stock appreciation rights. If an incentive award granted under the 2016 Plan expires, terminates, is
unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered to the Company in connection with the exercise of an incentive award, the
shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards under the 2016 Plan.
 
The Company recognized share-based compensation expense of $12.7 million and $11.3 million during the years ended March
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total tax benefit recognized related to share-based compensation expense was $0 for the years
ended March 31, 2022 and 2021.
 
Share-based compensation expense during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 includes the impact from differences in
the timing of expense recognized in the statement of operations and the share issuances recorded in additional paid in capital,
capitalization of internally developed software costs, and the benefit from the reversal of a previously accrued discretionary share-
based award bonus of $1.1 million during the year ended March 31, 2022.
 
The maximum contractual term for awards is 10 years. As of March 31, 2022, there were 4,484,713 shares of common stock
available for future issuance under the 2016 Plan.
 
 Options Grants to Employees
 
Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company’s common stock at the
date of grant based on the closing market price of its common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The option awards
generally vest over four years and are exercisable any time after vesting. The stock options expire ten years after the date of grant.
 
As of March 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation costs for unvested awards to employees was $1.1 million, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of 5.83 years.
  
The following table provides information about our option grants made to employees during the last two fiscal years:
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Number of options granted
   
205,000     
350,000 
Weighted-average exercise price per share
  $
1.19    $
4.11 
Weighted-average grant date fair value per share
  $
1.74    $
1.85 
 
The grant date fair value of each of these option grants to employees was determined using the Black-Sholes-Merton option-
pricing model with the following assumptions:
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Expected volatility
    77.36% - 84.98%    53.97% - 73.61%
Dividend yield
   
-%   
-%
Risk-free rate
   
0.75% - 2.17%   
0.22% - 0.46%
Expected term (in years)
   
5.09 – 6.87     
5.25 - 7.00 
  
F-38

--- PAGE 163 ---
 
 
The following table summarizes the activity of our options issued to employees during the years ended March 31, 2022 and
2021:
 
 
 
Number of
Shares
   
Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price per
Share
 
Outstanding as of April 1, 2020
   
4,403,334    $
3.74 
Granted
   
350,000     
4.11 
Exercised
   
(654,250)    
3.90 
Forfeited or expired
   
(177,500)    
4.00 
Outstanding as of March 31, 2021
   
3,921,584     
3.74 
Granted
   
205,000     
1.74 
Exercised
   
(400,460)    
2.18 
Forfeited or expired
   
(160,933)    
4.10 
Outstanding as of March 31, 2022
   
3,565,191     
3.78 
Exercisable as of March 31, 2022
   
3,207,358     
3.97 
  
The weighted-average remaining contractual term for options to employees outstanding and options to employees exercisable
as of March 31, 2022 was 6.22 years and 5.83 years, respectively. The intrinsic value of options to employees outstanding and options
to employees exercisable was none and none, respectively, at March 31, 2022. The intrinsic value of options exercised was $0.3 million
and none, respectively, at March 31, 2022 and 2021.
 
The fair value of stock options that were exercised during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was $0.9 million and $2.6
million, respectively. The fair value of stock options that were forfeited during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was $0.7
million and $0.7 million, respectively. The fair value of stock options outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2022 was $13.5 million
and $12.7 million, respectively. The fair value of stock options outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2021 was $14.8 million and
$12.9 million, respectively.
 
On April 11, 2018, the Company granted options to purchase 1,326,667 shares of its common stock to 4 key executives. In
fiscal 2021, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the key executive’s employment agreement which modified the exercise
periods associated with these options. The modified terms approved by the Board of Directors, which extended the original exercise
period from 3 to 12 months, resulted in incremental fair value which was recognized as incremental share-based compensation expense
of $0.9 million during the year ended March 31, 2021.
 
Options Grants to Non-Employees
 
As of March 31, 2022, there were no unrecognized compensation costs for unvested awards to non-employees. There were no
option grants to non-employees for the last two fiscal years.
 
The following table summarizes the activity of our options issued to non-employees during the years ended March 31, 2022
and 2021:
 
 
 
Number of
Shares
   
Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price per
Share
 
Outstanding as of April 1, 2020
   
25,000    $
4.00 
Granted
   
-     
- 
Exercised
   
-     
- 
Forfeited or expired
   
      
4.00 
Outstanding as of March 31, 2021
   
25,000     
4.00 
Granted
   
-     
- 
Exercised
   
-     
- 

--- PAGE 164 ---
Forfeited or expired
   
-     
- 
Outstanding as of March 31, 2022
   
25,000     
4.00 
Exercisable as of March 31, 2022
   
25,000     
4.00 
 
F-39

--- PAGE 165 ---
 
 
The weighted average remaining contractual term for options to non-employees outstanding as of March 31, 2022 was 5.9
years. The intrinsic value of options to non-employees outstanding and options to non-employees exercisable was none at March 31,
2022.
 
Restricted Stock Units Grants
 
As of March 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation costs for unvested awards to employees was $2.1 million, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of 0.96 years.
  
The following table provides information about our restricted stock units grants made to employees during the last two fiscal
years:
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Number of units granted
   
2,555,767     
1,914,136 
Weighted-average grant date fair value per share
  $
3.77    $
3.15 
 
The following table summarizes the activity of our restricted stock units issued to employees during the years ended March
31, 2022 and 2021:
 
 
 
Number of
Shares
 
Outstanding as of April 1, 2020
   
4,530,705 
Granted
   
1,914,136 
Vested
   
(1,641,082)
Cancelled
   
(290,843)
Outstanding as of March 31, 2021
   
4,512,916 
Granted
   
2,555,767 
Vested
   
(2,518,791)
Cancelled
   
(1,485,517)
Outstanding as of March 31, 2022
   
3,064,375 
 
The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was $10.7 million and $5.8
million, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock units that were forfeited during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was
$5.0 million and $0.6 million, respectively.
 
Restricted Stock Awards
 
The following table summarizes the activity of our restricted stock awards made to employees during the years ended March
31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 
 
Number of
Shares
 
Outstanding as of April 1, 2020
   
24,675 
Cancelled
   
(24,675)
Outstanding as of March 31, 2021
   
- 
Cancelled
   
- 
Outstanding as of March 31, 2022
   
- 
 
In April 2018, the Company granted 1,150,000 restricted stock units to two key executives. In fiscal year 2021 (“the
Modification Date”), the Company’s board of directors approved an amendment to the key executives’ employment agreement which
modified the vesting terms associated with these awards. The modified vesting terms approved by the Company’s board of directors,
which modified the number of shares issued and the timing of vesting, resulted in an additional 464,557 units probable of vesting as of
the Modification Date. This resulted in incremental share-based compensation expense of $0.3 million during the year ended March 31,
2021.

--- PAGE 166 ---
 
F-40

--- PAGE 167 ---
 
 
Issuance of Restricted Shares of Common Stock for Services to Employees
 
During each of the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued no shares of its restricted common stock to
employees. As of March 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards.
 
Warrants
   
The table below summarizes the Company’s warrant activities:
 
 
 
Number of
Warrants    
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
   
Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Term
(in years)  
Balance outstanding, April 1, 2020
   
167,363    $
4.01     
0.94 
Granted
   
-     
-     
- 
Exercised
   
-     
-     
- 
Forfeited/expired
   
(167,363)    
4.01     
0.94 
Balance outstanding, March 31, 2021
   
-     
-     
- 
Granted
   
-     
-     
- 
Balance outstanding, March 31, 2022
   
-     
-     
- 
Exercisable, March 31, 2022
   
-     
-     
- 
 
Authorized Common Stock and Creation of Preferred Stock
 
The Company has the authority to issue up to 510,000,000 shares, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock and 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “preferred stock”).
 
The Company may issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series, each of which will have such
distinctive designation or title as shall be determined by the Company’s board of directors and will have such voting powers, full or
limited, or no voting powers, and such preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such class or series of
preferred stock as may be adopted from time to time by the Company’s board of directors.  The Company’s board of directors will have
the power to increase or decrease the number of shares of preferred stock of any series after the issuance of shares of that series, but not
below the number of shares of such series then outstanding.  In case the number of shares of any series shall be decreased, the shares
constituting such decrease will resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock.
 
While the Company does not currently have any plans for the issuance of preferred stock, the issuance of such preferred stock
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of common stock and, therefore, reduce the value of the common stock. It is not possible
to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of the common stock until and unless
the Company’s board of directors determines the specific rights of the holders of the preferred stock; however, these effects may
include: restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting power of the common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of
the common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company without further action by the stockholders.
 
F-41

--- PAGE 168 ---
 
 
Stock Repurchase Program
 
In December 2020, we announced that our board of directors has authorized the repurchase up to two million shares of our
outstanding common stock from time to time. The timing, price, and quantity of purchases under the program will be at the discretion
of our management and will depend upon a variety of factors including share price, general and business market conditions,
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, corporate and regulatory requirements, and alternative uses of capital. The program
may be expanded, suspended, or discontinued by our board of directors at any time. Although our board of directors has authorized this
stock repurchase program, there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares, if any, that will be repurchased by us, and we may
discontinue purchases at any time that management determines additional purchases are not warranted. We cannot guarantee that the
program will be consummated, fully or all, or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading
price of our common stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in
the trading price of our common stock. In addition, this program could diminish our cash reserves. The Company did not purchase any
shares of its common stock under the stock repurchase program for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
Note 18 — Income Tax Provision
  
On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”) was enacted in the United
States. The CARES Act provides numerous tax provisions and other stimulus measures, including temporary changes regarding the
prior and future utilization of net operating losses and technical corrections from prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain
qualified improvement property. The Company evaluated the provisions of the CARES Act and does not anticipate the associated
impacts, if any, will have a material effect on its financial position.
  
The Company’s income tax provision can be affected by many factors, including the overall level of pre-tax income, the mix
of pre-tax income generated across the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, changes in tax laws and regulations in
those jurisdictions, changes in valuation allowances on its deferred tax assets, tax planning strategies available to the Company, and
other discrete items.
 
The components of pretax loss and income tax (benefit) expense are as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Loss before income taxes:
 
    
  
Domestic
  $
(43,729)   $
(42,165)
Foreign
   
-     
- 
Total loss before income taxes
  $
(43,729)   $
(42,165)
The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:
   
      
  
Current
   
      
  
U.S. Federal
  $
-    $
- 
State
   
22     
14 
Foreign
   
-     
- 
Total Current
   
22     
14 
 
   
      
  
Deferred:
   
      
  
U.S. Federal
   
86     
(330)
State
   
75     
(29)
Foreign
   
-     
- 
Total Deferred
   
161     
(359)
Total provision for income taxes
  $
183    $
(345)
 
F-42

--- PAGE 169 ---
 
 
The differences between income taxes expected at U.S. statutory income tax rates and the income tax provision are as follows
(in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
 
    
  
Income taxes computed at Federal statutory rate
  $
(9,183)   $
(8,855)
State tax — net of federal benefit
   
(1,343)    
(888)
State minimum taxes
   
-     
14 
Change in tax rates
   
(51)    
(375)
Change in valuation allowance
   
10,175     
7,165 
Permanent differences
   
585     
2,594 
Total provision for income taxes
  $
183    $
(345)
 
At March 31, 2022, the Company had available federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable
income of approximately $143.6 million and $91.7 million, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to
expire on various dates beginning in 2028. Of the $143.6 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards, $54.1 million was
generated in tax years beginning before March 31, 2018 and is subject to the 20-year carryforward period (“pre-Tax Act losses”), the
remaining $89.5 million (“post-Tax Act losses”) can be carried forward indefinitely but is subject to the 80% taxable income limitation.
 
The Company obtained $136.0 million and $2.6 million of net operating loss and credit carryforwards, respectively, through
the acquisition of Slacker, Inc. in December 2017.  Utilization of these losses is limited by Section 382 and 383 of the Code in fiscal
year end March 31, 2018 and each taxable year thereafter.  The Company has estimated a limitation and revalued the losses and credits
at $22.0 million and $0, respectively.  It is possible that the utilization of these NOL carryforwards and tax credits may be further
limited. The Company will undertake a study to determine the applicable limitations, if any. Upon the attainment of taxable income by
the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards and will
recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time. 
 
The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of
business, the Company is subject to examination by the federal and state jurisdictions where applicable. There are currently no pending
income tax examinations. The Company’s tax years for 2017 and forward are subject to examination by the federal tax authorities and
tax years for 2016 and forward are subject to examination by California tax authorities due to the carryforward of unutilized net
operating losses.
 
The Company’s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of March 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions.
 
F-43

--- PAGE 170 ---
 
 
Significant components of the Company’s deferred income tax assets and (liabilities) are as follows as of (in thousands):
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Deferred tax assets:
 
    
  
Net operating loss carryforwards
  $
36,368    $
25,994 
Property and equipment
   
258     
307 
Accruals and reserves
   
1,718     
2,060 
Stock compensation
   
3,868     
4,653 
163 (j) interest expense carryforwards
   
1,125     
832 
Charitable contribution carryforward
   
69     
63 
Capital loss carryforward
   
-     
522 
Gross deferred tax assets
   
43,406     
34,431 
 
   
      
  
Deferred tax liabilities:
   
      
  
Right of use asset
   
(185)    
- 
Intangible assets
   
(3,767)    
(4,951)
Net deferred tax assets
   
39,454     
29,480 
Valuation allowance
   
(39,792)    
(29,617)
Net deferred tax liability
  $
(338)   $
(137)
 
As the ultimate realization of the potential benefits of a portion of the Company’s deferred tax assets is considered unlikely by
management, the Company has offset the deferred tax assets attributable to those potential benefits through valuation allowances.
Accordingly, the Company did not recognize any benefit from income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
to offset its pre-tax losses. The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is $39.8 million and $29.6 million for the years ended
March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The valuation allowance increased by $10.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2022.
 
Note 19 — Business Segment and Geographic Reporting
 
The Company determined its operating segments in accordance with ASC 280, “Segment Reporting” (“ASC 280”).
 
Management has determined that the Company has one operating segment. The Company’s reporting segment reflects the
manner in which its chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) reviews results and allocates resources. The CODM reviews operating
segment performance exclusive of: share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation, and other
expenses (including legal fees, expenses, and accruals) related to acquisitions, associated integration activities, and certain other non-
cash charges.
 
Our single operating segment is also consistent with our internal organizational structure, the way we assess operating
performance and allocate sources.
 
Customers
 
The Company has one external customer that accounts for more than 10% of its revenue and accounts receivable. Such
original equipment manufacturer (the “OEM”) provides premium Slacker service in its new vehicles. Total revenues from the OEM
were $32.3 million and $23.3 million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total receivables from the OEM were
24% and 21% of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
F-44

--- PAGE 171 ---
 
 
Geographic Information
 
The Company operates as an Internet live music streaming platform based in the United States. All material revenues of the
Company are derived from the United States. All long-lived assets of the Company are located in the United States.
 
Note 20 — Fair Value Measurements
 
The following table presents the fair value of the Company’s financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis (in thousands):
 
 
 
March 31, 2022
 
 
 
Fair
   
Hierarchy Level
 
 
 
Value
   
Level 1
   
Level 2
   
Level 3
 
Liabilities:
   
     
     
     
 
Contingent consideration liability from PodcastOne acquisition
  $
2,965    $
         -    $
       -    $
2,965 
Contingent consideration liability from Gramophone acquisition
   
174     
-     
-     
174 
Bifurcated embedded derivative on senior secured convertible note
payable
   
18     
-     
-     
18 
 
  $
3,157    $
-    $
-    $
3,157 
 
 
 
March 31, 2021
 
 
 
Fair
   
Hierarchy Level
 
 
 
Value
   
Level 1
   
Level 2
   
Level 3
 
Liabilities:
   
     
     
     
 
Contingent consideration liability from PodcastOne acquisition
  $
2,423    $
        -    $
        -    $
2,423 
Contingent consideration liability from CPS acquisition
   
2,513     
-     
-     
2,513 
Bifurcated embedded derivative on senior secured convertible notes
payable
   
118     
-     
-     
118 
Bifurcated embedded derivative on unsecured convertible note
payable
   
13     
-     
-     
13 
 
  $
5,067    $
-    $
-    $
5,067 
 
The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s financial liabilities that are measured at Level 3 within the fair
value hierarchy (in thousands):
 
 
 
Amount
 
Balance as of April 1, 2020
  $
665 
Initial measurement of contingent consideration from PodcastOne acquisition on July 1, 2020
   
1,100 
Initial measurement of contingent consideration from CPS acquisition on December 22, 2020
   
1,654 
Initial measurement of embedded derivatives on senior secured convertible notes issued on September 15, 2020
   
671 
Total fair value adjustments reported in earnings
   
977 
Balance as of March 31, 2021
   
5,067 
Change in fair value of bifurcated embedded derivatives, reported in earnings
   
(113)
Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, reported in earnings
   
(145)
Common stock settlement of contingent consideration liability from CPS acquisition
   
(1,826)
Initial measurement of contingent consideration for Gramophone acquisition
   
174 
Balance as of March 31, 2022
  $
3,157 
 
F-45

--- PAGE 172 ---
 
 
Convertible debt and beneficial conversion features
 
When the Company issues debt with a conversion feature, we must first assess whether the conversion feature meets the
requirements to be treated as a derivative, as follows: a) one or more underlyings, typically the price of our common stock; b) one or
more notional amounts or payment provisions or both, generally the number of shares upon conversion; c) no initial net investment,
which typically excludes the amount borrowed; and d) net settlement provisions, which in the case of convertible debt generally means
the stock received upon conversion can be readily sold for cash. An embedded equity-linked component that meets the definition of a
derivative does not have to be separated from the host instrument if the component qualifies for the scope exception for certain
contracts involving an issuer’s own equity. The scope exception applies if the contract is both a) indexed to its own stock; and b)
classified in shareholders’ equity in its statement of financial position.
 
If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, we estimate the fair
value of the convertible debt derivative using the yield model with a black-scholes option pricing model upon the date of issuance. If
the fair value of the convertible debt derivative is higher than the face value of the convertible debt, the excess is immediately
recognized as interest expense. Otherwise, the fair value of the convertible debt derivative is recorded as a liability with an offsetting
amount recorded as a debt discount, which offsets the carrying amount of the debt. The convertible debt derivative is revalued at the
end of each reporting period and any change in fair value is recorded as a gain or loss in the statement of operations. The debt discount
is amortized through interest expense over the life of the debt.
 
Bifurcated embedded derivative on senior secured convertible debentures, senior secured convertible notes payable and
unsecured convertible notes payable 
 
The fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivatives on senior secured convertible debentures, senior secured convertible
notes payable and unsecured convertible notes was determined using the following significant unobservable inputs:
 
 
 
March 31,    
March 31,  
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
 
   
     
 
Bifurcated embedded derivative on senior secured convertible notes payable Market yield
   
4.7%   
17.0%
Bifurcated embedded derivative on unsecured convertible note payable Market yield
   
NA%   
26.5%
 
Significant increases or decreases in the inputs noted above in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair
value measurement.
 
F-46

--- PAGE 173 ---
 
  
The Company did not elect the fair value measurement option for the following financial assets and liabilities. The fair values
of certain financial instruments and the hierarchy level the Company used to estimate the fair values are shown below (in thousands):
 
 
 
March 31, 2022
 
 
 
Carrying    
Hierarchy Level
 
 
 
Value
   
Level 1
   
Level 2
   
Level 3
 
Liabilities:
 
    
    
    
  
Senior secured convertible notes payable, net
   
13,650     
-     
-     
15,448 
Unsecured convertible notes payable related party, net
   
5,879     
-     
-     
6,084 
 
 
 
March 31, 2021
 
 
 
Carrying    
Hierarchy Level
 
 
 
Value
   
Level 1
   
Level 2
   
Level 3
 
Liabilities:
 
    
    
    
  
Senior secured convertible notes payable, net
   
13,047     
-     
-     
20,228 
Unsecured convertible notes payable related party, net
   
5,501     
-     
-     
9,216 
Unsecured convertible note payable
   
1,976     
-     
-     
2,167 
 
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities not included in these tables are estimated to be equal to their carrying values
as of March 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company’s estimates of the fair values were determined using available market information and
appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop the estimated fair values.
 
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities, where the Company did not elect the fair value measurement option and
carried at amortized cost, were determined using the following significant unobservable inputs:
 
 
 
Year Ended March 31,
 
 
 
2022
   
2021
 
Senior secured convertible notes payable, net (binomial lattice model):
 
    
  
Market yield
   
6.3%   
17.0%
 
   
  
   
  
Unsecured convertible notes payable related party, net (yield model with a Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model):
   
      
  
Market yield
   
6.6%   
23.0%
 
   
  
   
  
Unsecured convertible note payable (yield model with a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing
model):
   
      
  
Market yield
   
-%   
26.5%
  
Significant increases or decreases in the inputs noted above in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair
value measurement.
 
Cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents primarily consisted of short-term interest-bearing money market funds with
maturities of less than 90 days and time deposits. The estimated fair values were based on available market pricing information of
similar financial instruments.
 
Due to their short maturity, the carrying amounts of the Company’s accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximated their fair values at March 31, 2022 and 2021.
 
The Company’s note payable is not publicly traded and fair value is estimated to equal carrying value. The Company’s
debentures, senior secured line of credit and unsecured convertible notes payable with fixed rates are not publicly traded and the
Company has estimated fair values using a variety of valuation models and market rate assumptions detailed above. The senior
convertible notes payable and unsecured convertible notes are valued using a binomial lattice model and a yield model with a Black-
Scholes-Merton option pricing model, respectively. The Company has estimated the fair value of contingent consideration related to the
acquisitions of PodcastOne, CPS and Gramophone based on the number of shares issuable based on the achievement of certain
provisions within the purchase agreement, as detailed in Note 4 – Business Combinations, using the quoted price of the Company’s
common stock. The inputs used to fair value the contingent consideration on the date of acquisition were also used as of the balance
sheet date.
 
Note 21 — Subsequent Events
 
Subsequent to March 31, 2022 and as of June 28, 2022, the Company repurchased 1,186,221 shares of its common stock at an
average price of $0.84 per share.

--- PAGE 174 ---
 
On June 28, 2022, SoundExchange, Inc. (“SX”) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California,
against the Company and Slacker (“the defendants”). As of the date of this Annual Report, the complaint has not yet been served on the
defendants. The complaint alleges that the defendants have failed to make the necessary music royalty payments and corresponding late
fees required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act late allegedly due to SX. As SX also filed an application for an order to file
under seal the complaint, the amount allegedly owed by the defendants is unknown on the face of the complaint. The Company
believes it has already adequately reserved for the amounts due to SX. The Company is currently evaluating its options related to this
litigation and if necessary, intends to hire counsel to defend the defendants in this matter. 
F-47

--- PAGE 175 ---
 
  
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 
None.
 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
As of March 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Interim Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of March 31, 2022 because of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, described in
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below.
 
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by
our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Our management, with the participation of our CEO and Interim CFO, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of March 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Our management based its assessment on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Our management’s assessment included evaluation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting
controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.
 
Based on our management’s assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of March 31, 2022 due to material weaknesses that existed in our internal controls. Our management communicated the
results of its assessment to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.
 
105

--- PAGE 176 ---
 
 
A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. Based on management’s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022,
the following material weaknesses existed as of that date, specifically relating to the following control activities:
 
We did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk assessment
procedures, and monitoring activities to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements. These
deficiencies were attributed to: (i) lack of structure and responsibility, insufficient number of qualified resources and inadequate
oversight and accountability over the performance of controls, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks impacting internal
control over financial reporting, and (iii) ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control
were present and functioning.
 
In addition, as previously reported, material weaknesses specifically relating to the following control activities existed as of March 31,
2022:
 
 
(i)
our controls related to the preparation of the financial statements were not adequately designed to ensure the
accuracy and completeness of amounts and disclosures and the classification between current and noncurrent
liabilities, resulting in errors;
 
 
(ii)
our controls relating to proper evaluation and accounting of certain features embedded in complex debt and equity
instruments. Specifically, we did not have sufficient technical resources to appropriately identify and evaluate certain
features that require instruments or features to be accounted for as liabilities remeasured at fair value;
 
 
(iii)
our controls were not adequately designed to allow management to identify errors in the accounting for business
combinations. Specifically, these deficiencies resulted in errors related to the determination of purchase
consideration, the classification of earnouts, and identification of income tax assets and liabilities resulting from
business combinations.; and
 
 
(iv)
our automated application controls and manual controls relating to revenue and inventory of our recently acquired
subsidiary, including the posting of these transactions, sales returns, inventory overhead allocations, and inventory
cutoff were not adequately designed, which could have resulted in a material misstatement.
 
Notwithstanding the material weaknesses discussed above, our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded that the
consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP.
 
Remediation Plan for Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 
Our management, with oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has identified and begun to implement
several steps to remediate the material weaknesses described in this Item 9A and to enhance our overall control environment. During
our fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, our management is committed to remediating such material weaknesses through continuing
training and hiring of personnel, improving the timeliness of our accounting close process, and continuing to enhance our financial
review controls. We are committed to ensuring that our internal controls over financial reporting are designed and operating effectively.
 
Although we intend to complete the remediation process as promptly as possible, we cannot at this time estimate how long it
will take to remediate these material weaknesses. In addition, we may discover additional material weaknesses that require additional
time and resources to remediate and we may decide to take additional measures to address the material weaknesses or modify the
remediation steps described above. Until theses material weaknesses are remediated, we plan to continue to perform additional analyses
and other procedures to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 
This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Because we are a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer, our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to or issue a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting.
 
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 
During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we continued the processes of evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of controls in place around new transaction cycles and will implement any remediations if necessary. Other than
this, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 
CEO and CFO Certifications
 

--- PAGE 177 ---
Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of our CEO and the CFO, respectively. These certifications
are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the “Section 302 Certifications”). This Item 9A. of this Annual
Report, which you are currently reading, is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to above and in the Section 302
Certifications, and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete
understanding of the topics presented.
 
Item 9B. Other Information
 
On June 28, 2022, SoundExchange, Inc. (“SX”) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California,
against the Company and Slacker (“the defendants”). As of the date of this Annual Report, the complaint has not yet been served on the
defendants. The complaint alleges that the defendants have failed to make the necessary music royalty payments and corresponding late
fees required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act late allegedly due to SX. As SX also filed an application for an order to file
under seal the complaint, the amount allegedly owed by the defendants is unknown on the face of the complaint. The Company
believes it has already adequately reserved for the amounts due to SX. The Company is currently evaluating its options related to this
litigation and if necessary, intends to hire counsel to defend the defendants in this matter. 
 
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection
 
Not applicable.
106

--- PAGE 178 ---
 
 
PART III
 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (our “2022 Proxy Statement”) to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year end.
 
Item 11. Executive Compensation
 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement.
  
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
  
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement.
  
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
  
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement.
  
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement. 
  
107

--- PAGE 179 ---
 
 
PART IV
 
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
 
(a)
List of Documents Filed.
  
(1) Financial Statements (Included in Item 8 of this Annual Report)
 
The consolidated financial statements of LiveOne, Inc. (formerly LiveXLive Media, Inc.) included in this Annual Report
include:
   
 
●
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
 
●
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
 
●
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
 
●
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
 
 
●
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  
(2) Financial Statement Schedules
 
All schedules have been omitted since they are either not applicable or the information is contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report.
  
(b)
Exhibits.
 
Exhibit
Number
 
Description
 
   
3.1
  Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017).
3.2
  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of September 30, 2017
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Amendment No. 3, filed
with the SEC on October 6, 2017).
3.3
  Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on August 8, 2017).
3.4
  Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021).
3.5
  Certificate of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2021, between the Company and LiveOne, Inc. ((Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021).
4.1
  8.5% Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of September 15, 2020, issued by the Company to Harvest Small Cap
Partners, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
on September 21, 2020).
4.2
  8.5% Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of September 15, 2020, issued by the Company to Harvest Small Cap
Partners Master, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
the SEC on September 21, 2020).
4.3
  Promissory Note, dated as of June 2, 2021, issued by the Company to East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021).
4.4*
  Description of Securities.
10.1†
  Form of Director/Officer Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2014).
 
108

--- PAGE 180 ---
 
 
10.2†
  The Company’s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016).
10.3†
  Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019).
10.4†
  Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021).
10.5†
  Form of Director Option Agreement under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016).
10.6†
  Form of Employee Option Agreement under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016).
10.7†
  Employment Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2017, between the Company and Robert S. Ellin (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 8, 2017).
10.8†
  Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, between the Company and Robert Ellin
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
December 15, 2017).
 10.9†
  Employment Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2019, between the Company and Dermot McCormack (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 19, 2019).
10.10†£*   Employment Offer Letter, dated as of March 6, 2019, between the Company and Aaron Sullivan.
10.11†*
  Amendment No. 1 to Employment Offer Agreement, dated as of dated as of October 26, 2020 and effective as of October
1, 2020, between the Company and Aaron Sullivan.
10.12
  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and among the Company, Courtside Group, Inc., LiveXLive
PodcastOne, Inc., the persons identified as “Sellers” on the signature pages thereto, and Norman Pattiz, as the
representative of the Sellers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020).
10.13£
  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2020, between the Company and the Purchaser (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020).
10.14£
  Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2020, between the Company and the Purchaser
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on
August 5, 2020).
10.15
  Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of September 15, 2020, made by each of the Guarantors, in favor of the Secured Party (as
defined therein) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
SEC on September 21, 2020).
10.16
  Security Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Secured Party (as
defined therein) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
SEC on September 21, 2020).
10.17
  Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, among the Company, the Guarantors and the
Secured Party (as defined therein) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020).
10.18
  Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, among the Company and the Buyer (as defined therein).
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
September 21, 2020).
10.19
  Amendment of Notes Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2021, between the Company and Harvest Small Cap Partners, L.P.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on July
14, 2021).
10.20
  Amendment of Notes Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2021, between the Company and Harvest Small Cap Partners, Ltd.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on July
14, 2021).
10.21
  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, among the Company, Custom Personalization Solutions, Inc.,
LiveXLive Merchandising, Inc., the persons identified as “Sellers” on the signature pages thereto, and Scott R. Norman,
as the representative of the Sellers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2020).
 
109

--- PAGE 181 ---
 
 
10.22
  Business Loan Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, between the Company and East West Bank (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021).
10.23
  Commercial Security Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, between the Company and East West Bank (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021).
21.1*
  List of subsidiaries of the Company.
23.1*
  Consent of BDO USA, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.
31.1*
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
31.2*
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
32.1**
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2**
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101.INS*   Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH*   Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL*   Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF*   Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB*   Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE*   Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
104*
  Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
 
†
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 
£
Certain confidential information has been omitted or redacted from these exhibits that is not material and would likely cause
competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed.
 
*
Filed herewith.
 
**
Furnished herewith.
  
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
 
We have elected not to include summary information.
 
110

--- PAGE 182 ---
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
  
 
LIVEONE, INC.
 
 
 
Date: June 29, 2022
By:
/s/ Robert S. Ellin
 
Name: Robert S. Ellin
 
Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 
 
(Principal Executive Officer)
 
 
 
Date: June 29, 2022
By:
/s/ Aaron Sullivan
 
Name: Aaron Sullivan
 
Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer and
Executive Vice President
(Interim Principal Financial Officer and
Interim Principal Accounting Officer)
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
Signature
 
Title
 
Date
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Robert S. Ellin
 
Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and
 
June 29, 2022
Robert S. Ellin
 
Director
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Jay Krigsman
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Jay Krigsman
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Craig Foster
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Craig Foster
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Maria Garrido
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Maria Garrido
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Ramin Arani
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Ramin Arani
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Patrick Wachsberger
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Patrick Wachsberger
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Kenneth Solomon
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Kenneth Solomon
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Bridget Baker
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Bridget Baker
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Kristopher Wright
 
Director
 
June 29, 2022
Kristopher Wright
 
 
 
 
 
 
111
 
 
